I AM A SPY  a sleeper  a spook  a man of two faces.
 Perhaps not surprisingly  I am also a man of two minds.
 I am not some misunderstood mutant from a comic book or a horror movie  although some have treated me as such.
 I am simply able to see any issue from both sides.
 Sometimes I flatter myself that this is a talent  and although it is admittedly one of a minor nature  it is perhaps also the sole talent I possess.
 At other times  when I reflect on how I cannot help but observe the world in such a fashion  I wonder if what I have should even be called talent.
 After all  a talent is something you use  not something that uses you.
 The talent you cannot not use  the talent that possesses you that is a hazard  I must confess.
 But in the month when this confession begins  my way of seeing the world still seemed more of a virtue than a danger  which is how some dangers first appear.
The month in question was April  the cruelest month.
 It was the month in which a war that had run on for a very long time would lose its limbs  as is the way of wars.
 It was a month that meant everything to all the people in our small part of the world and nothing to most people in the rest of the world.
 It was a month that was both an end of a war and the beginning of .
 well   peace  is not the right word  is it  my dear Commandant.
 It was a month when I awaited the end behind the walls of a villa where I had lived for the previous five years  the villa s walls glittering with broken brown glass and crowned with rusted barbed wire.
 I had my own room at the villa  much like I have my own room in your camp  Commandant.
 Of course  the proper term for my room is an  isolation cell   and instead of a housekeeper who comes to clean every day  you have provided me with a baby-faced guard who does not clean at all.
 But I am not complaining.
 Privacy  not cleanliness  is my only prerequisite for writing this confession.
While I had sufficient privacy in the General s villa at night  I had little during the day.
 I was the only one of the General s officers to live in his home  the sole bachelor on his staff and his most reliable aide.
 In the mornings  before I chauffeured him the short distance to his office  we would breakfast together  parsing dispatches at one end of the teak dining table while his wife oversaw a well-disciplined quartet of children at the other  ages eighteen  sixteen  fourteen  and twelve  with one seat empty for the daughter studying in America.
 Not everyone may have feared the end  but the General sensibly did.
 A thin man of excellent posture  he was a veteran campaigner whose many medals had been  in his case  genuinely earned.
 Although he possessed but nine fingers and eight toes  having lost three digits to bullets and shrapnel  only his family and confidants knew about the condition of his left foot.
 His ambitions had hardly ever been thwarted  except in his desire to procure an excellent bottle of Bourgogne and to drink it with companions who knew better than to put ice cubes in their wine.
 He was an epicurean and a Christian  in that order  a man of faith who believed in gastronomy and God; his wife and his children; and the French and the Americans.
 In his view  they offered us far better tutelage than those other foreign Svengalis who had hypnotized our northern brethren and some of our southern ones: Karl Marx  V.
 Lenin  and Chairman Mao.
 Not that he ever read any of those sages.
 That was my job as his aide-de-camp and junior officer of intelligence  to provide him with cribbed notes on  say  The Communist Manifesto or Mao s Little Red Book.
 It was up to him to find occasions to demonstrate his knowledge of the enemy s thinking  his favorite being Lenin s question  plagiarized whenever the need arose: Gentlemen  he would say  rapping the relevant table with adamantine knuckles  what is to be done.
 To tell the General that Nikolay Chernyshevsky actually came up with the question in his novel of the same title seemed irrelevant.
 How many remember Chernyshevsky now.
 It was Lenin who counted  the man of action who took the question and made it his own.
In this gloomiest of Aprils  faced with this question of what should be done  the general who always found something to do could no longer do so.
 A man who had faith in the mission civilisatrice and the American Way was at last bitten by the bug of disbelief.
 Suddenly insomniac  he took to wandering his villa with the greenish pallor of a malarial patient.
 Ever since our northern front had collapsed a few weeks before in March  he would materialize at my office door or at my room in the villa to hand off a snatch of news  always gloomy.
Can you believe it.
 he would demand  to which I said one of two things: No  sir.
or Unbelievable.
 We could not believe that the pleasant  scenic coffee town of Ban Me Thuot  my Highlands hometown  had been sacked in early March.
could not believe that our president  Thieu  whose name begged to be spit out of the mouth  had inexplicably ordered our forces defending the Highlands to retreat.
 We could not believe that Da Nang and Nha Trang had fallen  or that our troops had shot civilians in the back as they all fought madly to escape on barges and boats  the death toll running to the thousands.
 In the secret privacy of my office  I dutifully snapped pictures of these reports  which would please Man  my handler.
 While they pleased me  too  as signs of the regime s inevitable erosion  I could not help but feel moved by the plight of these poor people.
Perhaps it was not correct  politically speaking  for me to feel sympathy for them  but my mother would have been one of them if she were alive.
 She was a poor person  I was her poor child  and no one asks poor people if they want war.
Nor had anyone asked these poor people if they wanted to die of thirst and exposure on the coastal sea  or if they wanted to be robbed and raped by their own soldiers.
 If those thousands still lived  they would not have believed how they had died  just as we could not believe that the Americans our friends  our benefactors  our protectors had spurned our request to send more money.
 And what would we have done with that money.
 Buy the ammunition  gas  and spare parts for the weapons  planes  and tanks the same Americans had bestowed on us for free.
 Having given us the needles  they now perversely no longer supplied the dope.
  Nothing  the General muttered  is ever so expensive as what is offered for free.
At the end of our discussions and meals  I lit the General s cigarette and he stared into space  forgetting to smoke the Lucky Strike as it slowly consumed itself in his fingers.
 In the middle of April  when the ash stung him awake from his reverie and he uttered a word he should not have  Madame silenced the tittering children and said  If you wait much longer  we won t be able to get out.
You should ask Claude for a plane now.
 The General pretended not to hear Madame.
 She had a mind like an abacus  the spine of a drill instructor  and the body of a virgin even after five children.
 All of this was wrapped up in one of those exteriors that inspired our Beaux Arts–trained painters to use the most pastel of watercolors and the fuzziest of brushstrokes.
 She was  in short  the ideal Vietnamese woman.
 For this good fortune  the General was eternally grateful and terrified.
 Kneading the tip of his scorched finger  he looked at me and said  I think it s time to ask Claude for a plane.
 Only when he resumed studying his damaged finger did I glance at Madame  who merely raised an eyebrow.
 Good idea  sir  I said.
Claude was our most trusted American friend  our relationship so intimate he once confided in me to being one-sixteenth Negro.
 Ah  I had said  equally smashed on Tennessee bourbon  that explains why your hair is black  and why you tan well  and why you can dance the cha-cha like one of us.
 Beethoven  he said  was likewise of hexadecimal descent.
 Then  I said  that explains why you can carry the tune of  Happy Birthday  like no one s business.
 We had known each other for more than two decades  ever since he had spotted me on a refugee barge in  54 and recognized my talents.
 I was a precocious nine-year-old who had already learned a decent amount of English  taught to me by a pioneering American missionary.
 Claude supposedly worked in refugee relief.
 Now his desk was in the American embassy  his assignment ostensibly to promote the development of tourism in our war-stricken country.
 This  as you might imagine  required every drop he could squeeze from a handkerchief soaked with the sweat of the can-do American spirit.
 In reality  Claude was a CIA man whose time in this country dated back to the days when the French still ruled an empire.
those days  when the CIA was the OSS  Ho Chi Minh looked to them for help in fighting the French.
 He even quoted America s Founding Fathers in his declaration of our country s independence.
 Uncle Ho s enemies say he spoke out of both sides of his mouth at the same time  but Claude believed he saw both sides at once.
 I rang Claude from my office  down the hall from the General s study  and informed him in English that the General had lost all hope.
 Claude s Vietnamese was bad and his French worse  but his English was excellent.
 I point this out only because the same thing could not be said of all his countrymen.
It s over  I said  and when I said it to Claude it finally seemed real.
 I thought Claude might protest and argue that American bombers might yet fill our skies  or that American air cavalry might soon ride on gunships to our rescue  but Claude did not disappoint.
 I ll see what I can arrange  he said  a murmur of voices audible in the background.
 I imagined the embassy in disarray  teletypes overheating  urgent cables crisscrossing between Saigon and Washington  the staff working without respite  and the funk of defeat so pungent it overwhelmed the air conditioners.
 Amid short tempers  Claude stayed cool  having lived here so long he barely perspired in the tropical humidity.
 He could sneak up on you in the dark  but he could never be invisible in our country.
 Although an intellectual  he was of a peculiarly American breed  the muscular kind who rowed crew and who flexed substantial biceps.
 Whereas our scholarly types tended to be pale  myopic  and stunted  Claude was six-two  had perfect vision  and kept himself in shape by performing two hundred push-ups each morning  his Nung houseboy squatting on his back.
 During his free time  he read  and whenever he visited the villa  a book was tucked under his arm.
 When he arrived a few days later  Richard Hedd s Asian Communism and the Oriental Mode of Destruction was the paperback he carried.
The book was for me  while the General received a bottle of Jack Daniel s a gift I would have preferred if given the choice.
 Nevertheless  I took care to peruse the book s cover  crowded with blurbs so breathless they might have been lifted from the transcript of a teenage girls  fan club  except that the excited giggling came from a pair of secretaries of defense  a senator who had visited our country for two weeks to find facts  and a renowned television anchor who modeled his enunciation on Moses  as played by Charlton Heston.
 The reason for their excitement was found in the significant type of the subtitle  On Understanding and Defeating the Marxist Threat to Asia.
 When Claude said everyone was reading this how-to manual  I said I would read it as well.
 The General  who had cracked open the bottle  was in no mood to discuss books or chitchat  not with eighteen enemy divisions encircling the capital.
 He wanted to discuss the plane  and Claude  rolling his glass of whiskey between his palms  said the best he could do was a black flight  off the books  on a C-130.
 It could hold ninety-two paratroopers and their gear  as the General well knew  having served in the Airborne before being called on by the president himself to lead the National Police.
 The problem  as he explained to Claude  was that his extended family alone amounted to fifty-eight.
 While he did not like some of them  and in fact despised a few  Madame would never forgive him if he did not rescue all of her relations.
And my staff  Claude.
 The General spoke in his precise  formal English.
What of them.
 Both the General and Claude glanced at me.
 I tried to look brave.
I was not the senior officer on the staff  but as the aide-de-camp and the officer most fluent in American culture  I attended all the General s meetings with Americans.
 Some of my countrymen spoke English as well as I  although most had a tinge of an accent.
 But almost none could discuss  like I  baseball standings  the awfulness of Jane Fonda  or the merits of the Rolling Stones versus the Beatles.
 If an American closed his eyes to hear me speak  he would think I was one of his kind.
 Indeed  on the phone  I was easily mistaken for an American.
 On meeting in person  my interlocutor was invariably astonished at my appearance and would almost always inquire as to how I had learned to speak English so well.
 In this jackfruit republic that served as a franchise of the United States  Americans expected me to be like those millions who spoke no English  pidgin English  or accented English.
 I resented their expectation.
 That was why I was always eager to demonstrate  in both spoken and written word  my mastery of their language.
 My vocabulary was broader  my grammar more precise than the average educated American.
 I could hit the high notes as well as the low  and thus had no difficulty in understanding Claude s characterization of the ambassador as a  putz   a  jerkoff  with  his head up his ass  who was in denial about the city s imminent fall.
 Officially  there s no evacuation  said Claude  because we re not pulling out any time soon.
The General  who hardly ever raised his voice  now did.
 Unofficially  you are abandoning us  he shouted.
 All day and night planes depart from the airport.
Everyone who works with Americans wants an exit visa.
 They go to your embassy for these visas.
 You have evacuated your own women.
 You have evacuated babies and orphans.
 Why is it that the only people who do not know the Americans are pulling out are the Americans.
 Claude had the decency to look embarrassed as he explained how the city would erupt in riots if an evacuation was declared  and perhaps then turn against the Americans who remained.
 This had happened in Da Nang and Nha Trang  where the Americans had fled for their lives and left the residents to turn on one another.
 But despite this precedent  the atmosphere was strangely quiet in Saigon  most of the Saigonese citizenry behaving like people in a scuppered marriage  willing to cling gamely to each other and drown so long as nobody declared the adulterous truth.
 The truth  in this case  was that at least a million people were working or had worked for the Americans in one capacity or another  from shining their shoes to running the army designed by the Americans in their own image to performing fellatio on them for the price  in Peoria or Poughkeepsie  of a hamburger.
 A good portion of these people believed that if the communists won  which they refused to believe would happen what awaited them was prison or a garrote  and  for the virgins  forced marriage with the barbarians.
 Why wouldn t they.
 These were the rumors the CIA was propagating.
So  the General began  only to have Claude interrupt him.
 You have one plane and you should consider yourself lucky  sir.
 The General was not one to beg.
 He finished his whiskey  as did Claude  then shook Claude s hand and bid him good-bye  never once letting his gaze fall away from Claude s own.
Americans liked seeing people eye to eye  the General had once told me  especially as they screwed them from behind.
 This was not how Claude saw the situation.
 Other generals were only getting seats for their immediate families  Claude said to us in parting.
 Even God and Noah couldn t save everyone.
wouldn t  anyway.
Could they not.
 What would my father say.
 He had been a Catholic priest  but I could not remember this poor man of the cloth ever sermonizing about Noah  although admittedly I went to Mass only to daydream.
 But regardless of what God or Noah could do  there was little doubt that every man on the General s staff  if given the chance  would rescue a hundred blood relatives as well as any paper ones who could afford the bribe.
 Vietnamese families were complicated  delicate affairs  and while sometimes I longed for one  being the only son of an ostracized mother  now was not one of those times.
Later that day  the president resigned.
 I had expected the president to abandon the country weeks ago in the manner befitting a dictator  and I spared him barely a thought as I worked on the list of evacuees.
 The General was fastidious and detail-oriented  habituated to making quick  hard decisions  but this was one task that he deferred to me.
 He was preoccupied with the matters of his office: reading the morning s interrogation reports  attending meetings at the Joint General Staff compound  phoning his confidants as they discussed how to hold the city and yet be ready to abandon it at the same time  a maneuver as tricky as playing musical chairs to the tune of one s most beloved song.
 Music was on my mind  for as I worked on the list in the nocturnal hours  I listened to American Radio Service on a Sony in my room at the villa.
 The songs of the Temptations and Janis Joplin and Marvin Gaye usually always made bad things bearable and good things wonderful  but not in times like these.
 Every stroke of my pen through a name felt like a death sentence.
 All of our names  from the lowest officer to the General  had been found on a list being crammed into its owner s mouth as we broke down her door three years ago.
 The warning I had sent to Man had not gotten to her in time.
 As the policemen wrestled her to the ground  I had no choice but to reach into this communist agent s mouth and pull from it that saliva-soaked list.
 Its papier-mâché existence proved that members of the Special Branch  accustomed to watching  were ourselves watched.
 Even had I a moment alone with her  I could not have risked my cover by telling her that I was on her side.
 I knew what fate awaited her.
 Everyone talked in the Special Branch s interrogation cells  and she would have told my secret despite herself.
She was younger than me  but she was wise enough to know what awaited her  too.
 For just a moment I saw the truth in her eyes  and the truth was that she hated me for what she thought I was  the agent of an oppressive regime.
 Then  like me  she remembered the role she had to play.
 Please  sirs.
 she cried.
 I m innocent.
 I swear.
Three years later  this communist agent was still in a cell.
 I kept her folder on my desk  a reminder of my failure to save her.
 It was my fault  too  Man had said.
 When the day of liberation comes  I ll be the one unlocking her cell.
 She was twenty-two when arrested  and in the folder was a picture of her at her capture  and another one of her from a few months ago  her eyes faded and her hair thinning.
 Our prison cells were time machines  the inmates aging much faster than they normally would.
 Looking at her faces  then and now  helped me with the task of selecting a few men for salvation and condemning many more  including some I liked.
 For several days I worked and reworked the list while the defenders of Xuan Loc were annihilated and  across our border  Phnom Penh fell to the Khmer Rouge.
 A few nights later  our ex-president secretly fled for Taiwan.
 Claude  who drove him to the airport  noticed how the president s inordinately heavy suitcases clanked with something metallic  presumably a hefty share of our nation s gold.
 He told me this the next morning  when he called to say that our plane was leaving in two days.
 I finished my list early that evening  telling the General that I had decided to be democratic and representative  choosing the highest-ranking officer  the officer everyone thought the most honest  the one whose company I liked the most  and so on.
accepted my reasoning and its inevitable consequence  that a good number of the senior officers with the most knowledge and culpability in the work of the Special Branch would be left behind.
 I wound up with a colonel  a major  another captain  and two lieutenants.
 As for myself  I reserved one seat and three more for Bon  his wife  and his child  my godson.
When the General visited me that night to commiserate  bearing the now halfempty bottle of whiskey  I asked for the favor of taking Bon with us.
 Although not my real brother  he was one of my two blood brothers since our school days.
Man was the other  the three of us having sworn undying loyalty to one another by slicing our adolescent palms and mingling our blood in ritual handshakes.
my wallet was a black-and-white photograph of Bon and his family.
 Bon had the appearance of a good-looking man beaten to a pulp  except that was simply his God-given face.
 Not even his paratrooper s beret and crisply ironed tiger stripe fatigues could distract from his parachute-like ears  his chin perpetually tucked into the folds of his neck  and his flat nose bent hard right  the same as his politics.
 As for his wife  Linh  a poet might compare her face to the harvest moon  insinuating not only its fullness and roundness but also how it was mottled and cratered  dappled with acne scars.
 How those two concocted a child as cute as Duc was a mystery  or perhaps simply as logical as how two negatives when multiplied together yield a positive.
 The General handed me the photo and said  It s the least I could do.
 He s Airborne.
 If our army was just Airborne men  we d have won this war.
 but there was no if  only the incontrovertible fact of the General sitting on the edge of my chair while I stood by the window  sipping my whiskey.
 In the courtyard  the General s orderly fed fistfuls of secrets into a fire blazing in a fifty-five-gallon drum  making the hot night hotter.
 The General got up and paced my small chamber  glass in hand  clad only in his boxer shorts and a sleeveless undershirt  a midnight shadow of stubble across his chin.
 Only his housekeepers  his family  and myself ever saw him like this.
 At any hour of the day when visitors came to the villa  he would pomade his hair and don his starched khakis  the breast festooned with more ribbons than could be found in a beauty queen s hair.
 But this evening  with the villa s hush punctuated only by occasional shouts of gunfire  he allowed himself to be querulous about how the Americans had promised us salvation from communism if we only did as we were told.
 They started this war  and now that they re tired of it  they ve sold us out  he said  pouring me another drink.
 But who is there to blame but ourselves.
We were foolish enough to think they would keep their word.
 Now there s nowhere to go but America.
 There are worse places  I said.
 Perhaps  he said.
least we ll live to fight again.
 But for now  we are well and truly fucked.
 What kind of toast is right for that.
The words came to me after a moment.
Here s blood in your eye  I said.
Damn right.
I forget from whom I learned this toast  or even what it meant  except that I had acquired it sometime during my years in America.
 The General had been to America  too  if only for a few months as a junior officer  training with a platoon of his fellows at Fort Benning in  58  where the Green Berets inoculated him permanently against communism.
 In my case  the inoculation did not take.
 I was already undercover  part scholarship student  part spy-in-training  the lone representative of our people at a sylvan little college called Occidental  its motto Occidens Proximus Orienti.
 There I passed six idyllic years in the dreamy  sunbesotted world of Southern California during the sixties.
 Not for me the study of highways  sewage systems  or other such useful enterprises.
 Instead  the mission assigned to me by Man  my fellow conspirator  was to learn American ways of thinking.
 My war was psychological.
 To that end  I read American history and literature  perfected my grammar and absorbed the slang  smoked pot and lost my virginity.
 In short  I earned not only my bachelor s but my master s degree  becoming expert in all manner of American studies.
 Even now I can see quite clearly where I first read the words of that greatest of American philosophers  Emerson  on a lawn by an iridescent grove of jacaranda trees.
 My attention was divided between the exotic  tawny co-eds in halter tops and shorts  sunning themselves on beds of June grass  and the words so stark and black on a bare white page  consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
  Nothing Emerson wrote was ever truer of America  but that was not the only reason I underlined his words once  twice  thrice.
 What had smitten me then  and strikes me now  was that the same thing could be said of our motherland  where we are nothing if not inconsistent.
On our last morning  I drove the General to his office at the National Police compound.
 My office was down the hallway from the General s  and from there I summoned the five chosen officers for a private meeting  one by one.
 We leave tonight.
 asked the very nervous colonel  his eyes big and wet.
 My parents.
The parents of my wife.
 asked the major  a crapulent devotee of the Chinese restaurants in Cholon.
 Brothers  sisters  nieces and nephews.
Housekeepers and nannies.
 Suitcases  wardrobes  collections of china.
The captain  who hobbled a bit because of venereal disease  threatened to commit suicide unless I found more seats.
 I offered him my revolver and he skulked off.
 In contrast  the young lieutenants were grateful.
 Having earned their precious positions via parental connections  they bore themselves with the herky-jerky nervousness of marionettes.
I closed the door on the last of them.
 When distant booms rattled the windows  I saw fire and smoke boiling from the east.
 Enemy artillery had ignited the Long Binh ammunition depot.
 Feeling a need both to mourn and to celebrate  I turned to my drawer  where I kept a fifth of Jim Beam with several ounces remaining.
my poor mother were alive  she would say  Don t drink so much  son.
 It can t be good for you.
 But can t it  Mama.
 When one finds oneself in as difficult a situation as I did  a mole in the General s staff  one looked for comfort wherever one could find it.
 I finished the whiskey  then drove the General home through a storm  the amniotic water bursting over the city a hint of the forthcoming season.
Some hoped the monsoon might slow down the advancing northern divisions  but I thought that unlikely.
 I skipped dinner and packed my rucksack with my toiletries  a pair of chinos and a madras shirt bought at a J.
 Penney in Los Angeles  loafers  three changes of underwear  an electric toothbrush from the thieves  market  a framed photograph of my mother  envelopes of photographs from here and America  my Kodak camera  and Asian Communism and the Oriental Mode of Destruction.
The rucksack was a gift from Claude  given in honor of my college graduation.
 It was the handsomest thing I owned  capable of being worn on my back or  with a tuck of a strap here and there  converted to a hand-carried valise.
Fabricated of supple brown leather by an esteemed New England manufacturer  the rucksack smelled richly  mysteriously of autumn leaves  grilled lobster  and the sweat and sperm of boys  boarding schools.
 A monogram of my initials was branded on the side  but the most special feature was the false bottom.
 Every man should have a false bottom in his luggage  Claude had said.
 You never know when you ll need it.
 Unbeknownst to him  I used it to hide my Minox mini-camera.
 The cost of the Minox  a present from Man  was a few times my annual salary.
 It was this I had used to photograph certain classified documents to which I had access  and I thought perhaps it would be useful again.
 Lastly  I sorted through the rest of my books and my records  most purchased in the States and all bearing the fingerprints of memory.
 I had no room for Elvis or Dylan  Faulkner or Twain  and while I could replace them  my spirit was still heavy when I wrote Man s name on the box of books and records.
 They were too much to bear  as was my guitar  displaying its full  reproachful hips on my bed as I left.
I finished packing and borrowed the Citroën to retrieve Bon.
 The military police at the checkpoints waved me by when they saw the General s stars on the automobile.
 My destination was across the river  a wretched waterway lined with the shanties of refugees from the countryside  their homes and farms obliterated by pyromaniacal soldiers and clean-cut arsonists who had found their true calling as bombardiers.
 Past this haphazard expanse of hovels  deep in District Four  Bon and Man waited at a beer garden where the three of us had passed more drunken hours than I could recall.
 Soldiers and marines crowded the tables  rifles under their stools  hair cropped close by sadistic military barbers intent on revealing the contours of their skulls for some nefarious phrenological purpose.
Bon poured me a glass of beer as soon as I sat down  but would not allow me to drink until he offered a toast.
 Here s to reunion  he said  lifting his own glass.
We ll meet again in the Philippines.
 I said it was actually Guam  for the dictator Marcos was fed up with refugees and no longer accepting any more.
 Groaning  Bon rubbed his glass against his forehead.
 I didn t think it could get any worse  he said.
 But now we ve got Filipinos looking down on us.
 Forget the Philippines  Man said.
 Let s drink to Guam instead.
 They say it s where America s day begins.
 And our day ends  Bon muttered.
Unlike Man and I  Bon was a genuine patriot  a republican who had volunteered to fight  having hated the communists ever since the local cadre encouraged his father  the village chief  to kneel in the village square and make his confession before forcefully inserting a bullet behind his ear.
 Left to his own devices  Bon was sure to go Japanese and fight to the end or even put a gun to his own head  so Man and I had persuaded him to think of his wife and child.
Leaving for America was not desertion  we claimed.
 This was strategic retreat.
We had told Bon that Man would also flee with his family tomorrow  whereas the truth was that Man would stay to witness the liberation of the south by the northern communists Bon so despised.
 Now Man squeezed him on the shoulder with fingers long and delicate and said  We re blood brothers  us three.
 We ll be blood brothers even if we lose this war  even if we lose our country.
 He looked at me and his eyes were damp.
 For us there is no end.
You re right  Bon said  shaking his head vigorously to disguise the tears in his eyes.
 So enough sadness and gloom.
 Let s drink to hope.
 We ll return to take our country back.
 Right.
 He  too  looked at me.
 I was not ashamed of the tears in my own eyes.
 These men were better than any real brothers I could have had  for we had chosen each other.
 I raised my beer glass.
 Here s to coming back  I said.
And to a brotherhood that never ends.
 We drained our glasses  shouted for another round  threw our arms around one another s shoulders  and settled into an hour of brotherly love and song  the music provided by a duo at the other end of the garden.
 The guitarist was a long-haired draft dodger  sickly pale from having lived for the last ten years in between the walls of the bar owner s house during the day  emerging only at night.
 His singing partner was an equally longhaired woman of dulcet voice  her slim figure outlined by a silk ao dai the same shade as a virgin s blush.
 She was singing the lyrics of Trinh Cong Son  the folk singer beloved even by the paratroopers.
 Tomorrow I m going  dear .
 Her voice rose above the chatter and rain.
 Remember to call me home .
 My heart trembled.
 We were not a people who charged into war at the beck and call of bugle or trumpet.
 No  we fought to the tunes of love songs  for we were the Italians of Asia.
Tomorrow I m going  dear.
 The city s nights are no longer beautiful .
Bon knew this was the last time he would see Man for years  perhaps ever  he would never step on the airplane.
 Ever since our lycée days  we had fancied ourselves the Three Musketeers  all for one and one for all.
 Man had introduced us to Dumas: first  because he was a great novelist  and second  because he was a quadroon.
 Hence he was a model for us  colonized by the same French who despised him for his ancestry.
 An avid reader and storyteller  Man would have likely become a teacher of literature at our lycée if we had lived in a time of peace.
 Besides translating three of the Perry Mason mysteries of Erle Stanley Gardner into our native tongue  he had also written a forgettable Zolaesque novel under a pen name.
 He had studied America but never been there himself  as was the case with Bon  who called for another round and asked if America had beer gardens.
 They have bars and supermarkets where you can always get a beer  I said.
 But are there beautiful women who sing songs like these.
 he asked.
I refilled his glass and said  They have beautiful women but they do not sing songs like these.
Then the guitarist began strumming the chords of another song.
 They do sing songs like this  Man said.
 It was Yesterday by the Beatles.
 As the three of us joined in singing  my eyes grew moist.
 What was it like to live in a time when one s fate was not war  when one was not led by the craven and the corrupt  when one s country was not a basket case kept alive only through the intravenous drip of American aid.
 I knew none of these young soldiers around me except for my blood brothers and yet I confess that I felt for them all  lost in their sense that within days they would be dead  or wounded  or imprisoned  or humiliated  or abandoned  or forgotten.
 They were my enemies  and yet they were also brothers-in-arms.
 Their beloved city was about to fall  but mine was soon to be liberated.
 It was the end of their world  but only a shifting of worlds for me.
 So it was that for two minutes we sang with all our hearts  feeling only for the past and turning our gaze from the future  swimmers doing the backstroke toward a waterfall.
The rain finally ceased by the time we left.
 We were smoking a final cigarette at the mouth of the dank  dripping alley that was the beer garden s exit when a trio of hydrocephalic marines stumbled out of the vaginal darkness.
 Beautiful Saigon.
 they sang.
 Oh  Saigon.
 Oh  Saigon.
 Although it was only six  they were inebriated  fatigues stained with beer.
 Each had an M16 hanging from a shoulder strap  and each showed off a spare pair of testicles.
 These  on closer inspection  turned out to be two grenades clamped to either side of their belt buckles.
Although their uniforms  weapons  and helmets were all of American manufacture  as were ours  it was impossible to mistake them for Americans  the dented helmets being the giveaway  steel pots sized for American heads that were too big for any of us.
 The first marine s head swung this way and that before he bumped into me and cursed  the brim of his helmet falling all the way to his nose.
 When he pushed up the brim  I saw bleary eyes trying to focus.
Hello.
 he said  breath reeking  his southern accent so thick I had some trouble understanding him.
 What s this.
 A policeman.
 What re you doing with the real soldiers.
Man flicked ashes at him.
 This policeman s a captain.
 Salute your superior  Lieutenant.
The second marine  also a lieutenant  said  If you say so  Major  to which the third marine  a lieutenant as well  said  The hell with majors and colonels and generals.
 The president s run off.
 The generals poof.
 Like smoke.
 Gone.
Saving their own asses like they always do.
 Guess what.
 That leaves us to cover the retreat.
 Like we always do.
 What retreat.
 the second marine said.
 There s nowhere to go.
 The third agreed: We re dead.
 As good as dead  the first said.
Our job is to be dead.
I tossed away my cigarette.
 You re not dead yet.
 You should get back to your posts.
The first marine focused once more on my face  taking a step closer until his nose nearly touched mine.
 What are you.
You are out of line  Lieutenant.
 Bon shouted.
I ll tell you what you are.
 The marine poked his finger in my chest.
Don t say it  I said.
A bastard.
 he cried.
 The two other marines laughed and chimed in.
 A bastard.
I drew my revolver and placed the muzzle between the marine s eyes.
 Behind him  his friends fingered their rifles nervously but did no more.
 They were impaired  but not enough to think they could be faster on the draw than my more sober friends.
You re drunk  aren t you  Lieutenant.
 Despite myself  my voice trembled.
Yes  the marine said.
Then I won t shoot you.
It was then  to my great relief  that we heard the first of the bombs.
Everybody s head swiveled in the direction of the explosion  which was followed by another and another  to the northwest.
 It s the airport  Bon said.
Five-hundred-pound bombs.
 He would turn out to be correct in both cases.
 From our vantage point  we could see nothing except  after a few moments  billowing plumes of black smoke.
 Then it seemed as if every gun in the city went off from downtown to the airport  light weaponry going clack-clack-clack and heavy weaponry going chug-chug-chug  flurries of orange tracers swirling into the sky.
The racket drew all the residents of the pitiful street to their windows and into the doorways  and I holstered my revolver.
 Likewise sobered by the presence of witnesses  the marine lieutenants clambered into their jeep without another word and drove off  weaving through the handful of motorbikes on the street until they reached the intersection.
 Then the jeep braked to a halt and the marines stumbled out with M16s in hand  even as the explosions continued and civilians thronged the sidewalks.
 My pulse quickened when the marines glared at us from under the jaundiced light of a streetlamp  but all they did was aim skyward  howling and screaming as they fired their weapons until the magazines were empty.
 My heart was beating fast and the sweat was trickling down my back  but I smiled for the sake of my friends and lit another cigarette.
Idiots.
 Bon shouted as the civilians crouched in doorways.
 The marines called us a few choice names before they got back into the jeep  turned the corner  and vanished.
 Bon and I said good-bye to Man  and after he left in his own jeep I tossed Bon the keys.
 The bombing and the gunfire had ceased  and as he drove the Citroën to his apartment he swore bloody murder at the Marine Corps the entire way.
 I kept my silence.
 One did not depend on marines for good table manners.
 One depended on them to have the right instincts when it came to matters of life and death.
 As for the name they had called me  it upset me less than my reaction to it.
 I should have been used to that misbegotten name by now  but somehow I was not.
 My mother was native  my father was foreign  and strangers and acquaintances had enjoyed reminding me of this ever since my childhood  spitting on me and calling me bastard  although sometimes  for variety  they called me bastard before they spit on me.
EVEN NOW  the baby-faced guard who comes to check on me every day calls me a bastard when he feels like it.
 This hardly surprises me  although I had hoped for better from your men  my dear Commandant.
 I confess that the name still hurts.
Perhaps  for variety  he could call me mongrel or half-breed  as some have in the past.
 How about métis  which is what the French called me when not calling me Eurasian.
 The latter word lent me a romantic varnish with Americans but got me nowhere with the French themselves.
 I still encountered them periodically in Saigon  nostalgic colonizers who stubbornly insisted on staying in this country even after their empire s foreclosure.
 Le Cercle Sportif was where they congregated  sipping Pernod while chewing on the steak tartare of memories that had happened on Saigonese streets they called by their old French names: Boulevard Norodom  Rue Chasseloup-Laubat  Quai de l Argonne.
 They bossed the native help with nouveau riche arrogance and  when I came around  regarded me with the suspicious eyes of border guards checking passports.
It was not they who invented the Eurasian  however.
 That claim belongs to the English in India  who also found it impossible not to nibble on dark chocolate.
Like those pith-helmeted Anglos  the American Expeditionary Forces in the Pacific could not resist the temptations of the locals.
 They  too  fabricated a portmanteau word to describe my kind  the Amerasian.
 Although a misnomer when applied to me  I could hardly blame Americans for mistaking me as one of their own  since a small nation could be founded from the tropical offspring of the American GI.
 This stood for Government Issue  which is also what the Amerasians are.
 Our countrymen preferred euphemisms to acronyms  calling people like me the dust of life.
 More technically  the Oxford English Dictionary I consulted at Occidental revealed that I could be called a  natural child   while the law in all countries I know of hails me as its illegitimate son.
 My mother called me her love child  but I do not like to dwell on that.
 In the end  my father had it right.
 He called me nothing at all.
No wonder  then  that I was drawn to the General  who  like my friends Man and Bon  never sneered about my muddled heritage.
 Upon selecting me for his staff  the General said  The only thing I m interested in is how good you are at what you do  even if the things I ask you to do may not be so good.
 I proved my competence more than once; the evacuation was merely the latest demonstration of my ability to finesse the fine line between the legal and the illegal.
 The men had been picked  the buses arranged  and  most important  the bribes for safe passage bestowed.
 I had paid the bribes from a satchel of $10 000 requisitioned from the General  who had submitted the request to Madame.
 It s an extraordinary sum  she said to me over a cup of oolong in her salon.
 It s an extraordinary time  I said.
 But it s a wholesale bargain for ninety-two evacuees.
She could not disagree  as anyone who placed their ears to the railroad tracks of gossip in the city could report.
 The rumble was that the price of visas  passports  and seats on evacuation airplanes ran to many thousands of dollars  depending on the package one chose and the level of one s hysteria.
 But before one could even pay a bribe  one needed to have access to willing conspirators.
 In our case  my solution was a louche major whom I had befriended at the Pink Nightclub on Nguyen Hue.
 Shouting to be heard over the psychedelic thunder of CBC or the pop beats of the Uptight  I learned that he was the airport s duty officer.
 For a relatively modest fee of a thousand dollars  he informed me who the guards at the airport would be for our departure  and where I might find their lieutenant.
All this arranged  and myself and Bon having retrieved his wife and child  we assembled for our departure at seven o clock.
 Two blue buses waited outside the villa s gates  windows encased in wire grilles off which terrorist grenades would theoretically bounce  unless they were rocket-propelled  in which case one relied on the armor of prayers.
 The anxious families waited in the villa s courtyard while Madame stood on the villa s steps with the household staff.
 Her somber children sat in the Citroën s backseat  a blank  diplomatic mien on their faces as they observed Claude and the General smoking in front of the car s headlights.
Passenger manifest in hand  I called the men and their families forward  checking off their names and directing them to their buses.
 As instructed  each adult and teenager carried no more than a small suitcase or valise  with some of the children clutching thin blankets or alabaster dolls  their Western faces plastered with fanatical grins.
 Bon was last  steering Linh by her elbow  she in turn holding Duc s hand.
 He was just old enough to walk confidently  his other hand balled around a yellow yo-yo I had given him as a souvenir from the States.
I saluted the boy  and he  frowning in concentration  stopped to detach his hand from his mother s and saluted me in return.
 Everyone s here  I said to the General.
 Then it s time to go  he said  grinding his cigarette under his heel.
The General s last duty was bidding farewell to the butler  the cook  the housekeeper  and a trio of pubescent nannies.
 Some of them had made entreaties to be taken along  but Madame was firm in saying no  already convinced of her excessive generosity in paying for the General s officers.
 She was correct  of course.
 I knew of at least one general who  having been offered seats for his staff  sold them to the highest bidder.
 Now Madame and all the help were weeping  except for the geriatric butler  a purple ascot tied around his goitered neck.
 He had begun his days with the General as an orderly when the General was only a lieutenant  both of them serving under the French during their season of hell at Dien Bien Phu.
 Standing at the bottom of the steps  the General could not meet the old man s eyes.
 I m sorry  he said  head bowed and bared  cap in hand.
 It was the only time I had heard him apologize to anyone besides Madame.
You ve served us well  and we re not serving you well.
 But none of you will come to harm.
 Take what you want from the villa and then leave.
 If anyone asks  deny that you know me or that you ever worked for me.
 But as for me  I swear to you now  I will not give up fighting for our country.
 When the General began weeping  I handed him my handkerchief.
 In the ensuing silence  the butler said  I ask for one thing  sir.
 What is that  my friend.
 Your pistol  so I can shoot myself.
 The General shook his head and wiped his eyes with my handkerchief.
You will do no such thing.
 Go home and wait for me to return.
 Then I will give you a pistol.
 When the butler tried to salute  the General offered him his hand instead.
 Whatever people say about the General today  I can only testify that he was a sincere man who believed in everything he said  even if it was a lie  which makes him not so different from most.
Madame distributed to each of the staff an envelope of dollars  its thickness appropriate to his or her rank.
 The General returned my handkerchief and escorted Madame to the Citroën.
 For this last drive  the General would take the leather-wrapped steering wheel himself and lead the two buses to the airport.
I ve got the second bus  Claude said.
 You take the first one and make sure that driver doesn t get lost.
 Before boarding  I paused at the gates for one last look at the villa  conjured into being for the Corsican owners of a rubber plantation.
epic tamarind tree towered over the eaves  the long  knuckled pods of its sour fruit dangling like the fingers of dead men.
 The constant staff still stood at the proscenium atop the stairs.
 When I waved good-bye to them  they dutifully waved back  holding in their other hands those white envelopes that had become  in the moonlight  tickets to nowhere.
The route from villa to airport was as uncomplicated as anything could be in Saigon  which is to say not uncomplicated at all.
 One made a right out of the gates down Thi Xuan  left on Le Van Quyet  right on Hong Thap Tu in the direction of the embassies  left on Pasteur  another left on Nguyen Dinh Chieu  right on Cong Ly  then straight to the airport.
 But instead of taking a left on Le Van Quyet  the General turned right.
 He s going in the wrong direction  my driver said.
 He had fingers stained yellow with nicotine and dangerously sharp toenails.
 Just follow  I said.
 I stood in the entry well  doors swung open to let in the cool night air.
 On the first bench behind me were Bon and Linh  Duc leaning forward on his mother s lap to peer over my shoulder.
 The streets were empty; according to the radio  a twenty-four-hour curfew had been declared because of the strike on the airport.
 Nearly as vacant were the sidewalks  haunted only by the occasional set of uniforms shed by deserters.
 In some cases  the gear was in such a neat little heap  with helmet on top of blouse and boots beneath trousers  that a ray gun appeared to have vaporized the owner.
 In a city where nothing went to waste  no one touched these uniforms.
My bus carried at least a few soldiers in civilian disguise  although the rest of the General s in-laws and cousins were mostly women and children.
 These passengers murmured among themselves  complaining of this or that  which I ignored.
 Even if they found themselves in Heaven  our countrymen would find occasion to remark that it was not as warm as Hell.
 Why s he taking this route.
the driver said.
 The curfew.
 We re all going to get shot  or at least arrested.
 Bon sighed and shook his head.
 He s the General  he said  as if that explained everything  which it did.
 Nevertheless  the driver continued to complain as we passed the central market and turned onto Le Loi  not ceasing until the General finally stopped at Lam Son Square.
 Before us was the Grecian facade of the National Assembly  formerly the city s opera house.
 From here our politicians managed the shabby comic operetta of our country  an off-key travesty starring plump divas in white suits and mustachioed prima donnas in custom-tailored military uniforms.
 Leaning out and looking up  I saw the glowing windows of the Caravelle Hotel s rooftop bar  where I had often escorted the General for aperitifs and interviews with journalists.
 The balconies provided an unparalleled view of Saigon and its environs  and from them a faint laughter drifted.
 It must have been the foreign newsmen  ready to take the city s temperature in its death rattle  as well as the attachés of nonaligned nations  watching the Long Binh ammunition dump glow over the horizon while tracers sputtered in the night.
An urge seized me to fire a round in the direction of the laughter  just to enliven their evening.
 When the General got out of the car  I thought he was following the same impulse  but he turned in the other direction  away from the National Assembly and toward the hideous monument on Le Loi s grassy median.
 I regretted keeping my Kodak in my rucksack rather than my pocket  for I would have liked a photograph of the General saluting the two massive marines charging forward  the hero in the rear taking a rather close interest in his comrade s posterior.
 As Bon saluted the memorial  along with the other men on the bus  all I could ponder was whether these marines were protecting the people who strolled beneath their gaze on a sunny day  or  just as likely  were attacking the National Assembly at which their machine guns aimed.
 But as one of the men on the bus sobbed  and as I  too  saluted  it struck me that the meaning was not so ambiguous.
 Our air force had bombed the presidential palace  our army had shot and stabbed to death our first president and his brother  and our bickering generals had fomented more coups d état than I could count.
 After the tenth putsch  I accepted the absurd state of our state with a mix of despair and anger  along with a dash of humor  a cocktail under whose influence I renewed my revolutionary vows.
Satisfied  the General climbed back into the Citroën and the convoy proceeded once more  crossing the intersection of one-way Tu Do as it entered and exited the square.
 I had a last glimpse of the Givral Café  where I had enjoyed French vanilla ice cream on my dates with proper Saigonese girls and their mummified chaperone aunts.
 Past the Givral was Brodard Café  where I cultivated my taste for savory crepes while doing my best to ignore the parade of paupers hopping and hobbling by.
 Those with hands cupped them for alms  those lacking in hands clenched the bill of a baseball cap in their teeth.
 Military amputees flapped empty sleeves like flightless birds  mute elderly beggars fixed cobra eyes on you  street urchins told tales taller than themselves about their pitiable conditions  young widows rocked colicky babies whom they might have rented  and assorted cripples displayed every imaginable  unappetizing illness known to man.
 Farther north on Tu Do was the nightclub where I had spent many evenings doing the cha-cha with young ladies in miniskirts and the latest in arch-breaking heels.
This was the street where the imperious French once stabled their gilded mistresses  followed by the more déclassé Americans whooping it up in lurid bars like the San Francisco  the New York  and the Tennessee  their names inscribed in neon  their jukeboxes loaded with country music.
 Those who felt guilty at a debauched evening s end could totter north to the brick basilica at the end of Tu Do  which was where the General led us by way of Hai Ba Trung.
front of the basilica stood the white statue of Our Lady  her hands open in peace and forgiveness  her gaze downcast.
 While she and her son Jesus Christ were ready to welcome all the sinners of Tu Do  their prim penitents and priests my father among them spurned me more often than not.
 So it was always at the basilica that I asked Man to meet me for our clandestine business  both of us savoring the farce of being counted among the faithful.
 We genuflected  but in actuality we were atheists who had chosen communism over God.
We met on Wednesday afternoons  the basilica empty except for a handful of austere dowagers  heads shrouded in lace mantillas or black scarves as they chanted  Our Father  who art in Heaven  hallowed be Thy name .
 I no longer prayed  but my tongue could not help wagging along with these old women.
They were as tough as foot soldiers  sitting impassively through crowded weekend Masses where the infirm and the elderly sometimes swooned from the heat.
 We were too poor for air-conditioning  but heat stroke was simply another way of expressing religious fortitude.
 It would be hard to find more pious Catholics than those in Saigon  most of whom  like my mother and myself  had already run once from the communists in  54  my nine-year-old self having no say in the matter .
 To rendezvous in the church amused Man  a former Catholic like me.
 While we pretended to be devout officers for whom Mass once a week did not suffice  I would confess my political and personal failures to him.
 He  in turn  would play my confessor  whispering to me absolutions in the shape of assignments rather than prayers.
America.
 I said.
America  he confirmed.
I had told him of the General s evacuation plan as soon as I learned of it  and that past Wednesday in the basilica I was informed of my new task.
 This mission was given to me by his superiors  but who they were  I did not know.
 It was safer that way.
 This had been our system since our lycée days  when we secretly pursued one road via a study group while Bon openly continued on a more conventional path.
 The study group had been Man s idea  a three-man cell consisting of himself  me  and another classmate.
 Man was the leader  guiding us in the reading of revolutionary classics and teaching us the tenets of Party ideology.
 At the time  I knew that Man was part of another cell where he was the junior member  although the identities of the others were a mystery to me.
 Both secrecy and hierarchy were key to revolution  Man told me.
 That was why there was another committee above him for the more committed  and above that another committee for the even more committed  and on and on until we presumably reached Uncle Ho himself  at least when he was alive  the most committed man ever  the one who had asserted that  Nothing is more precious than independence and freedom.
  These were words we were willing to die for.
This language  as well as the discourse of study groups  committees  and parties  came easily to Man.
 He had inherited the revolutionary gene from a great-uncle  dragooned by the French to serve in Europe during World War I.
 He was a gravedigger  and nothing will do more to bestir a colonized subject than seeing white men naked and dead  the great-uncle said  or so Man told me.
 This greatuncle had stuck his hands in their slimy pink viscera  examined at leisure their funny  flaccid willies  and retched on seeing the putrefying scrambled eggs of their brains.
 He buried them by the thousands  brave young men enmeshed in the cobwebbed eulogies spun by spidery politicians  and the understanding that France had kept its best for its own soil slowly seeped into the capillaries of his consciousness.
 The mediocrities had been dispatched to Indochina  allowing France to staff its colonial bureaucracies with the schoolyard bully  the chess club misfit  the natural-born accountant  and the diffident wallflower  whom the great-uncle now spotted in their original habitat as the outcasts and losers they were.
 And these castoffs  he fumed  were the people who taught us to think of them as white demigods.
 His radical anticolonialism was enhanced when he fell in love with a French nurse  a Trotskyist who persuaded him to enlist with the French communists  the only ones offering a suitable answer to the Indochina Question.
 For her  he swallowed the black tea of exile.
 Eventually he and the nurse had a daughter  and handing me a slip of paper  Man whispered that she was still there  his aunt.
 On the slip of paper was her name and address in the thirteenth arrondissement of Paris  this fellow traveler who had never joined the Communist Party  and thus was unlikely to be surveilled.
 I doubt you ll be able to send letters home  so she ll be the go-between.
 She s a seamstress with three Siamese cats  no children  and no suspicious credentials.
 That s where you ll send the letters.
Fingering that slip of paper  I recalled the cinematic scenario I had prepared  the one where I refused to board Claude s plane while the General pleaded hopelessly with me to leave with him.
 I want to stay  I said.
 It s almost over.
Behind clasped hands  Man sighed.
 Is it almost over.
 Thy kingdom come  Thy will be done.
 Your general isn t the only one planning to keep on fighting.
 Old soldiers don t fade away.
 The war s been going on too long for them to simply stop.
 We need someone to keep an eye on them and make sure they re not going to get into too much trouble.
 What happens if I don t go.
 I asked.
 Man raised his eyes to the bruised  greenish Christ with his European features  suspended on a crucifix high above the altar  the lie of a loincloth draped around his groin when in all likelihood he died naked.
 The grin on Man s face revealed startlingly white teeth.
 You ll do more good there than you will here  this dentist s son said.
 And if you won t do it for yourself  do it for Bon.
 He won t go if he thinks we re staying.
 But in any case  you want to go.
 Admit it.
Dare I admit it.
 Dare I confess.
 America  land of supermarkets and superhighways  of supersonic jets and Superman  of supercarriers and the Super Bowl.
 America  a country not content simply to give itself a name on its bloody birth  but one that insisted for the first time in history on a mysterious acronym  USA  a trifecta of letters outdone later only by the quartet of the USSR.
Although every country thought itself superior in its own way  was there ever a country that coined so many  super  terms from the federal bank of its narcissism  was not only superconfident but also truly superpowerful  that would not be satisfied until it locked every nation of the world into a full nelson and made it cry Uncle Sam.
All right  I admit it.
 I said.
 I confess.
He chuckled and said  Consider yourself lucky.
 I ve never left our wonderful homeland.
Lucky  am I.
 At least you feel at home here.
Home is overrated  he said.
Easy for him to say when his father and mother got along reasonably well  while his siblings looked the other way when it came to his revolutionary sympathies.
 This was common enough when many a family was divided against itself  some fighting for the north and some for the south  some fighting for communism and some for nationalism.
 Still  no matter how divided  all saw themselves as patriots fighting for a country to which they belonged.
 When I reminded him that I did not belong here  he said  You don t belong in America  either.
 Perhaps  I said.
 But I wasn t born there.
 I was born here.
Outside the basilica  we said good-bye  our real farewell  not the one staged later for Bon.
 I m leaving you my records and my books  I said.
 I know you ve always wanted them.
 Thanks  he said  squeezing my hand hard.
 And good luck.
When do I get to come home.
 I asked.
 Giving me a look of great sympathy  he said  My friend  I m a subversive  not a seer.
 The timetable for your return will depend on what your General plans.
 And as the General drove by the basilica  I could not say what his plans were besides escaping the country.
 I only assumed that he had more in mind than the futile words emblazoned on the banners flanking the boulevard leading to the presidential palace  which a dissident pilot had strafed earlier in the month.
 NO LAND TO THE COMMUNISTS.
 NO COMMUNISTS IN THE SOUTH.
NO COALITION GOVERNMENT.
 NO NEGOTIATION.
 I could see an impassive guardsman standing impaled at attention under his roofed post  but before we reached the palace the General finally  mercifully set a course for the airport by turning right on Pasteur.
 Somewhere far away  a heavy machine gun fired in uneven  staccato bursts.
 When a dull mortar grunted  Duc whimpered in his mother s arms.
 Hush  darling  she said.
 We re only going on a trip.
 Bon stroked his son s wispy hair and said  Will we ever see these streets again.
 I said  We have to believe we ll see them again  don t we.
Bon draped his arm over my shoulders and we squeezed together in the stairwell  hanging our heads out the door and holding hands as the glum apartments rolled by  lights and eyes peeking from behind curtains and shutters.
Noses to the wind  we inhaled a farrago of scents: charcoal and jasmine  rotting fruit and eucalyptus  gasoline and ammonia  a swirling belch from the city s poorly irrigated gut.
 As we approached the airport  the shadowy cross of an airplane roared overhead  all lights extinguished.
 At the gates  prickly rolls of barbed wire sagged with middle-aged disappointment.
 Behind the wire waited a squad of sullen military policemen and their young lieutenant  rifles in hand and truncheons swinging from belts.
 My chest thumped as the lieutenant approached the General s Citroën  leaned down by the driver s window to exchange a few words  then glanced in my direction where I stood leaning out the door of the bus.
 I had tracked him down on the louche major s information  to the canal-side slum he lived in with his wife  three children  parents  and in-laws  all of whom were dependent on a salary that was not enough to feed half of them.
 This was the typical lot of the young officer  but my task on the afternoon I visited last week was to discover what kind of man had been molded from this poor clay.
his skivvies  sitting on the edge of the wooden bed he shared with his wife and children  the half-naked lieutenant had the cornered look of a political prisoner freshly dropped into a tiger cage  wary and a bit frightened but not yet physically broken.
 You want me to stab my country in the back  he said tonelessly  the unlit cigarette I had given him in his hand.
 You want to pay me to let cowards and traitors escape.
 You want me to encourage my men to do the same.
I m not going to insult your intelligence by pretending otherwise  I said.
spoke mostly for the benefit of the jury his wife  parents  and in-laws  who sat  squatted  or stood in the tight confines of the sweltering  tin-roofed shack.
Hunger had lent them emaciated cheekbones  the kind I knew from my own mother  who had suffered so much for me.
 I admire you  Lieutenant  I said  and I did.
 You re an honest man  and it s hard to find honest men when men have families to feed.
 The least I can do to reward you is to offer you three thousand dollars.
 This was a month s salary for his entire platoon.
 His wife did her duty and demanded ten.
 Eventually we agreed on five  half paid then  half due at the airport.
 As my bus rolled by  he snatched from my hand the envelope with the cash  and in his eyes I saw the same look the communist agent had given me when I had pulled that list of names from her mouth.
 Although he could have shot me or turned us back  he did what I gambled every honorable man forced to take a bribe would do.
 He let us all pass  holding up his end of the bargain as the last fig leaf of his dignity.
 I averted my eyes from his humiliation.
 If let me indulge in the conditional for a moment if the southern army comprised only men like him  it would have won.
 I confess that I admired him  even though he was my enemy.
 It is always better to admire the best among our foes rather than the worst among our friends.
 Wouldn t you agree  Commandant.
It was nearly nine as we drove through the metropolis that was the airport complex  on well-paved streets past Quonset huts  gabled barracks  nondescript offices  and tubular warehouses  deep into a miniature city in Saigon yet outside of it.
 This semiautonomous territory was once one of the world s busiest airports  a hub for all kinds of lethal and nonlethal sorties and missions  including those flown by Air America  the CIA s airline.
 Our generals stashed their families here  while American generals crafted their stratagems in offices stocked with imported steel furniture.
 Our destination was the compound of the Defense Attaché Office.
 With typical cheekiness  the Americans had nicknamed it Dodge City  the town where six-shooters ruled and where saloon girls danced the cancan  as was much the case here in Saigon.
 But while sheriffs kept the peace in the real Dodge City  American marines guarded this evacuation center.
I had not seen so many since  73  when they were a ragged  defeated lot departing from this airfield.
 But these young marines had never seen combat and had been in this country only a few weeks.
 Bright-eyed and clean-shaven  with not a hint of a needle track in the crooks of their arms or a whiff of marijuana in their pressed  jungle-free fatigues  they watched impassively as our passengers disembarked into a parking lot already crowded with hundreds of other nervous evacuees.
 I joined the General and Claude by the Citroën  where the General was handing over his keys.
 I ll return them in the States  sir  Claude said.
 No  leave them in the ignition  the General said.
 I would not want anyone to damage the car while they steal it  since it will be stolen anyway.
 Enjoy her while you can  Claude.
When the General wandered off to find Madame and the children  I said  What s going on here.
 It s a mess.
 Claude sighed.
 Situation normal  all fucked up.
 Everybody s trying to get their relatives and cooks and girlfriends out of here.
 Just consider yourself lucky.
 I know  I said.
 See you in the States.
clapped me on the shoulder with affection.
 Just like when the communists took over in  54  he said.
 Who would have thought we d be here again.
 But I got you out of the north then  and I m getting you out of the south now.
 You ll be all right.
After Claude left  I returned to the evacuees.
 A marine on the bullhorn mumbled at them to form into lines  but queuing was unnatural for our countrymen.
 Our proper mode in situations where demand was high and supply low was to elbow  jostle  crowd  and hustle  and  if all that failed  to bribe  flatter  exaggerate  and lie.
 I was uncertain whether these traits were genetic  deeply cultural  or simply a rapid evolutionary development.
 We had been forced to adapt to ten years of living in a bubble economy pumped up purely by American imports; three decades of on-again  off-again war  including the sawing in half of the country in  54 by foreign magicians and the brief Japanese interregnum of World War II; and the previous century of avuncular French molestation.
 The marines  however  cared not a whit for such excuses  and their intimidating presence eventually coerced the refugees into lines.
 When the marines checked us for weapons  we officers dutifully  sadly turned over our guns.
 Mine was just a snub-nosed .
38 revolver  good for covert activities  Russian roulette  and suicide  whereas Bon wielded the manly .
45 Colt semiautomatic.
 The gun was designed to knock down Moro warriors in the Philippines with a single shot  I said to Duc.
 I had learned this from Claude; it was the kind of arcana he knew.
Papers.
 said the embassy bureaucrat at the desk after the weapons check  a young man with nineteenth-century sideburns  decked out in a beige safari suit and rose-tinted glasses.
 Each of the family heads had the laissez-passer documents from the Ministry of the Interior I had bought at a hefty discount  as well as the presidential parole delivered by Claude  stamped by the relevant embassy clerk.
 The parole assured us  even as we stood obediently in line  of the important thing: that we had cut to the head of the immigration queue in front of the huddled  hopeful millions from all over the world yearning to breathe free.
We carried that small solace with us to the staging ground of the tennis courts  where earlier evacuees already occupied all the bleacher seats.
 We joined the tardier souls attempting a numb slumber on the green concrete of the courts.
 Red blackout lamps cast an eerie glow over the crowds  among which was a scattering of Americans.
 All of them appeared to be husbands of Vietnamese women  given how a Vietnamese family besieged each of them  or how a Vietnamese woman had practically handcuffed herself to his arm.
 I settled down with Bon  Linh  and Duc on an unoccupied plot.
 On one side was a covey of call girls  vacuum-packed into micro-miniskirts and fishnet stockings.
 On the other was an American  his wife  and their children  a boy and a girl of perhaps five and six.
 The husband sprawled on his back with his beefy forearm over his eyes  the only parts of his face visible the two furry limbs of his walrus mustache  his pink lips  and his slightly crooked teeth.
 His wife sat with her children s heads in her lap  stroking their brown hair.
 How long have you been here.
 Linh asked  cradling a drowsy Duc in her arms.
 The whole day  the woman said.
 It s been awful  so hot.
 There s nothing to eat or drink.
 They keep calling out the numbers of planes but not ours.
 Linh made sympathetic noises while Bon and I settled down to the waiting part of hurry up and wait  the tedious custom of militaries the world over.
We lit cigarettes and turned our attention to the dark sky  every now and again illuminated by a parachute flare sputtering into spermatic existence  its bright head of light trailing a long  wiggling tail of smoke as it drifted downward.
Ready for a confession.
 Bon said.
 He used words the way he used bullets  in short  controlled bursts.
 I knew today was coming.
 Just never said so aloud.
That s denial  right.
 I nodded and said  You re only guilty of the same thing that everyone else in Saigon is.
 We all knew and we couldn t do a thing about it  or so we thought  anyway.
 But anything can always happen.
 That s what hope is all about.
 He shrugged  contemplating the end of his burning cigarette.
 Hope s thin  he said.
 Despair s thick.
 Like blood.
 He pointed to the scar in the palm of the hand holding the cigarette  carved to follow the lifeline s arc.
 Remember.
I held up the palm of my right hand with its matching scar  the same one carried by Man.
 We saw this mark whenever we opened our hands for a bottle  a cigarette  a gun  or a woman.
 Like warriors of legend  we had sworn to die for one another  snared by the romance of schoolboy friendship  united by the eternal things we saw in each other: fidelity  honesty  conviction  the willingness to stand by friends and uphold beliefs.
 But what did we believe in at fourteen.
Our friendship and our brotherhood  our country and our independence.
believed we could  if called upon  sacrifice ourselves for our blood brothers and our nation  but we did not know exactly how we would be called upon and what we would become.
 I could not predict that Bon would one day join the Phoenix Program to avenge his murdered father  his task to assassinate the people whom Man and I considered comrades.
 And good-hearted  sincere Bon did not know that Man and I would secretly come to believe that the only way to rescue our country was to become revolutionaries.
 All three of us followed our political beliefs  but only because of the reasons that led us to swear blood brotherhood in the first place.
 If ever circumstances forced us into a situation where death was the price of our brotherhood  I had no doubt that Man and I would pay.
 Our commitment was written on our hands  and under the wavering light cast by a distant magnesium flare  I held up my palm with its scar and traced the line with my finger.
 Your blood is mine and mine is yours  I said  which was the adolescent oath we had sworn to one another.
 You know what else.
 Bon said.
Despair may be thick  but friendship s thicker.
 After that  nothing more needed to be said  our camaraderie enough as we heeded the call of the Katyusha rockets  hissing in the distance like librarians demanding silence.
THANK YOU  DEAR COMMANDANT  for the notes that you and the commissar have given me on my confession.
 You have asked me what I mean when I say  we  or  us   as in those moments when I identify with the southern soldiers and evacuees on whom I was sent to spy.
 Should I not refer to those people  my enemies  as  them .
 I confess that after having spent almost my whole life in their company I cannot help but sympathize with them  as I do with many others.
 My weakness for sympathizing with others has much to do with my status as a bastard  which is not to say that being a bastard naturally predisposes one to sympathy.
 Many bastards behave like bastards  and I credit my gentle mother with teaching me the idea that blurring the lines between us and them can be a worthy behavior.
After all  if she had not blurred the lines between maid and priest  or allowed them to be blurred  I would not exist.
Having been thus produced outside of marriage  I confess to feeling very uncomfortable at the thought of being married myself.
 Bachelorhood is one of the unexpected benefits of being a bastard  as I was not considered much of a catch to most families.
 Not even families with a daughter of mixed ancestry welcomed me  for the daughter was herself usually frantic to squeeze into the elevator of social mobility through marriage to someone of a pure pedigree.
While friends and strangers sigh over my bachelorhood as part of the tragedy of being a bastard  I find that bachelorhood not only means freedom but also suits my subterranean life as a mole  who burrows better alone.
 Being a bachelor also meant I could chat without consequence with the call girls  brazenly displaying their shapely shanks among the evacuees while using yesterday s tabloid paper to fan the sweaty ravines of their cleavage  artificially enhanced by atomic age bras.
 The girls called themselves Mimi  Phi Phi  and Ti Ti  common enough names in the demimonde  but as a triumvirate powerful enough to inject joy into my heart.
 Perhaps they invented those names on the spot  names changed as easily as customers.
 If so  their playacting was simply a professional reflex acquired through years of diligent study and dedicated practice.
 I had an abiding respect for the professionalism of career prostitutes  who wore their dishonesty more openly than lawyers  both of whom bill by the hour.
 But to speak only of the financial side misses the point.
 The proper way to approach a prostitute is to adapt the attitude of a theatergoer  sitting back and suspending disbelief for the duration of the show.
 The improper way is to doltishly insist that the play is just a bunch of people putting on charades because you have paid the price of the ticket  or  conversely  to believe utterly in what you are watching and hence succumb to a mirage.
 For example  grown men who sneer at the idea of unicorns will tearfully testify to the existence of an even rarer  more mythical species.
Found only in remote ports of call and the darkest  deepest reaches of the most insalubrious taverns  this is the prostitute in whose chest beats the proverbial heart of gold.
 Let me assure you  if there is one part of a prostitute that is made of gold  it is not her heart.
 That some believe otherwise is a tribute to the conscientious performer.
By this degree  the three call girls were troupers  which could not be said of 70 or 80 percent of the prostitutes in the capital and outlying cities  of whom sober studies  anecdotal evidence  and random sampling indicate the existence of tens and perhaps hundreds of thousands.
 Most were poor  illiterate country girls with no means of making a living except to live as ticks on the fur of the nineteen-year-old American GI.
 His pants bulging with an inflationary roll of dollars and his adolescent brain swollen with the yellow fever that afflicts so many Western men who come to an Asian country  this American GI discovered to his surprise and delight that in this green-breasted world he was no longer Clark Kent but Superman  at least in regards to women.
 Aided  or was it invaded.
  by Superman  our fecund little country no longer produced significant amounts of rice  rubber  and tin  cultivating instead an annual bumper crop of prostitutes  girls who had never so much as danced to a rock song before the pimps we called cowboys slapped pasties on their quivering country breasts and prodded them onto the catwalk of a Tu Do bar.
 Now am I daring to accuse American strategic planners of deliberately eradicating peasant villages in order to smoke out the girls who would have little choice but to sexually service the same boys who bombed  shelled  strafed  torched  pillaged  or merely forcibly evacuated said villages.
 I am merely noting that the creation of native prostitutes to service foreign privates is an inevitable outcome of a war of occupation  one of those nasty little side effects of defending freedom that all the wives  sisters  girlfriends  mothers  pastors  and politicians in Smallville  USA  pretend to ignore behind waxed and buffed walls of teeth as they welcome their soldiers home  ready to treat any unmentionable afflictions with the penicillin of American goodness.
This trio of talented stars promised another kind of goodness altogether  the bad kind.
 They flirted shamelessly with me and teased Bon and the American husband with the walrus mustache  now awake.
 Both merely grimaced and made themselves as still and small as they could  quite aware of the grim silence of their wives.
 I  on the other hand  flirted happily in return  perfectly mindful that each of these demimondaines had a backstory capable of breaking my heart and  most likely  my bank account.
 Did I not have one of these same backstories.
 But performers perform at least partially to forget their sadness  a trait I am well acquainted with.
 In these situations it is better to flirt and play  allowing everyone the opportunity to pretend to be happy for so long that they might actually feel such happiness.
 And it was a pleasure just to look at them.
 Mimi was tall  with long straight hair and pink nail polish on all twenty digits  their tips as glossy as jelly beans.
 Her throaty voice with its mysterious Hue dialect compelled all my blood vessels to constrict  making me a touch light-headed.
Ti was fragile and petite  a fabulous beehive hairdo adding height.
 Her pale skin evoked eggshells  her eyelashes trembled with a hint of dew.
 I wanted to wrap her in my arms and brush my eyelashes against hers in butterfly kisses.
 Phi Phi was the leader  her body s curves reminding me of the dunes of Phan Thiet  where my mother had taken me for the one vacation of her life.
 While Mama covered herself from head to toe so she would not get any darker  I grubbed in the sunbaked sand ecstatically.
 That blissful memory of a ten-year-old s warmth and happiness was aroused by Phi Phi s fragrance  the same  nearly  or so I imagined  as from the one tiny vial of honey-colored perfume my mother owned  a present from my father with which she anointed herself once a year.
 So I fell in love with Phi Phi  a harmless enough emotion.
 I was wont to fall in love two or three times a year and was now well past due.
As to how they had managed to infiltrate this airbase  when evacuations were meant for the rich  the powerful  and/or the connected  it was all because of Sarge.
 I imagined a slab of beefcake on two legs with a white marine s cap perched on top.
 Sarge guards the embassy and just loves us girls  Phi Phi said.
He s a sweetheart  a doll  he didn t forget us at all  just like he said he would never forget us.
 The other two nodded vigorously  Mimi cracking her gum and Ti Ti cracking her knuckles.
 Sarge got a bus and drove up and down Tu Do  rescuing as many of us girls as were around who wanted to leave.
 Then he got us on the airbase by telling the cops he was bringing us for a party with the poor boys here.
 The hard peach of my heart ripened and softened as I thought of their Sarge  this swell American who actually kept his promises  first name Ed and last name something none of the girls could pronounce.
 I asked them why they wanted to leave  and Mimi said because the communists were sure to imprison them as collaborators.
 They call us whores  she said.
 And they call Saigon the whore city  don t they.
 Honey  I can connect the dots.
 Plus  Ti Ti said  even if we re not tossed in jail  we couldn t do our work.
 You can t buy or sell anything in a communist country  right.
 Not for a profit  anyway  and darling  I m not letting anyone eat this mango for free  communism or no communism.
 At this all three hooted and clapped.
 They were as ribald as Russian sailors on shore leave  but they also had a firm grasp of the theory of exchange value.
 What indeed would happen to girls like them once the revolution was victorious.
 To this matter I confess that I had not devoted much thought.
Their spirited élan made the time fly by as quickly as the C-130s flashing overhead  but even they and I got tired as the hours progressed and our numbers were not called.
 The marine with the bullhorn would mumble like a throat cancer victim with a mechanical larynx  and an exhausted company of evacuees would gather their pitiful belongings and stumble for the buses that would deliver them to the tarmac.
 Ten o clock passed  then eleven.
 I lay down and could not sleep  even though I was in what soldiers  with their usual wit  called a thousand-star hotel.
 All I need do was look up to the galaxy to remind myself of my good luck.
I squatted and smoked another cigarette with Bon.
 I lay down and again could not sleep  bothered by the heat.
 At midnight  I took a walk around the compound and poked my head in the toilets.
 This was a bad idea.
 They had been meant to handle only the normal flow of a few dozen office workers and rear-echelon military types  not the hot waste of thousands of evacuees.
 The scene at the swimming pool was no better.
 For all the years of its existence  the swimming pool was an American-only area  with passes for the whites of other countries and for the Indonesians  Iranians  Hungarians  and Poles of the International Committee of Control and Supervision.
 Our country was overrun by acronyms  with the ICCS otherwise known as  I Can t Control Shit   its role to oversee the cease-fire between north and south after the American armed forces strategically relocated.
 It was a smashingly successful cease-fire  for in the last two years only 150 000 soldiers had died  in addition to the requisite number of civilians.
Imagine how many would have died without a truce.
 Perhaps the evacuees resented the exclusion of locals from this pool  but more likely they were just desperate when they turned it into a urinal.
 I joined the tinkling line standing at the pool s edge  then returned to the tennis courts.
 Bon and Linh dozed with their hands cupping their chins  Duc the only one getting any sleep at all in his mother s lap.
 I squatted  I lay down  I smoked a cigarette  and so on until  at nearly four in the morning  our number was at last called and I bid farewell to the girls  who pouted and promised we would see each other again on Guam.
We marched forth from the tennis court toward the parking lot  where a pair of buses waited to take on more than our group of ninety-two evacuees.
 The crowd was around two hundred  and when the General asked me who these other people were  I asked the nearest marine.
 He shrugged.
 Y all ain t too big  so we puttin  two of you on for every one of us.
 Part of me was irritated as I boarded the bus after my unhappy General  while part of me reasoned that we were used to such treatment.
 After all  we treated each other in the same way  cramming our motorbikes  buses  trucks  elevators  and helicopters with suicidal loads of human cargo  disregarding all regulations and manufacturer recommendations.
Was it any surprise that other people thought we were happy with conditions to which we were merely resigned.
 They wouldn t treat an American general this way  the General complained  pressed against me in the tight confines.
 No  sir  they wouldn t  I said  and it was most likely true.
 Our bus was immediately fetid and hot from the passengers who had been simmering outdoors all day and night  but it was only a short way to our parked C-130 Hercules.
 The plane was a garbage truck with wings attached  and like a garbage truck deposits were made from the rear  where its big flat cargo ramp dropped down to receive us.
 This maw led into a generous alimentary canal  its membrane illuminated by a ghostly green blackout light.
 Disembarked from the bus  the General stood to one side of the ramp and I joined him to watch as his family  his staff  their dependents  and a hundred people we did not know climbed aboard  waved on by a loadmaster standing on the ramp.
 Come on  don t be shy  he said to Madame  his head encased in a helmet the size and shape of a basketball.
 Nut to butt  lady.
 Nut to butt.
Madame was too puzzled to be shocked.
 Her forehead wrinkled as she passed with her children  attempting to translate the loadmaster s mindless refrain.
 Then I spotted a man coming to the ramp doing his best to avoid eye contact  a blue Pan Am travel bag clutched to his incurvate chest.
 I had seen him a few days prior  at his house in District Three.
 A mid-ranking apparatchik in the Ministry of the Interior  he was neither too tall nor too short  too thin nor too wide  too pale nor too dark  too smart nor too dumb.
 Some species of sub-undersecretary  he probably had neither dreams nor nightmares  his own interior as hollow as his office.
 I had thought of the sub-undersecretary a few times in the days since our meeting and could not recall his elusive face  but I recognized him now as he ascended the ramp.
 When I clapped my hand on his shoulder  he twitched and finally turned his Chihuahua eyes toward me  pretending not to have seen me.
What a coincidence.
 I said.
 I didn t expect to see you on this flight.
 General  our seats would not have been possible without the help of this kind gentleman.
 The General nodded stiffly  baring his teeth just enough to indicate that he should never be expected to reciprocate.
 My pleasure  the sub-undersecretary whispered  slight frame quivering and wife tugging at his arm.
 If looks could emasculate  she would have walked off with my sac in her purse.
 After the crowd pushed them by  the General glanced at me and said  Was it a pleasure.
Of a sort  I said.
When all the passengers had boarded  the General motioned for me to go before him.
 He was the last to walk up the ramp into a cargo hold with no seats.
Adults squatted on the floor or sat on bags  children perched on their knees.
Lucky passengers had a bulkhead berth where they could cling to a cargo strap.
The contours of skin and flesh separating one individual from another merged  everyone forced into the mandatory intimacy required of those less human than the ones leaving the country in reserved seating.
 Bon  Linh  and Duc were somewhere in the middle  as were Madame and her children.
 The ramp slowly rose and clamped shut  sealing us worms into our can.
 Along with the loadmaster  the General and I leaned against the ramp  our knees in the noses of the passengers before us.
 The quartet of turboprop engines turned over with a deafening racket  the vibrations rattling the ramp.
 As the plane grumbled its way along the tarmac  the whole population rocked back and forth with every motion  a congregation swaying to inaudible prayers.
 The acceleration pressed me backward while the woman in front of me braced her arm against my knees  her jaw pressed to the rucksack on my lap.
 As the heat in the plane climbed over forty degrees Celcius  so did the intensity of our odor.
 We exuded the stink of sweat  of unwashed clothing  and of anxiety  with the only succor being the breeze through the open door where a crewman stood in a rock guitarist s widelegged pose.
 Instead of a six-string electric guitar slung low across his hips  he carried an M16 with a twenty-round magazine.
 As we taxied along the runway  I caught glimpses of concrete revetments  giant cans sliced in half lengthwise  and a desolate row of incinerated warbirds  demolished jets blown up in a strafing run earlier this evening  wings plucked and scattered like those of abused flies.
hush blanketed the passengers  hypnotized by trepidation and anticipation.
 They were  no doubt  thinking what I was.
 Good-bye  Vietnam.
 Au revoir  Saigon  The explosion was deafening  the force of it launching the crewman onto the passengers  the last thing I saw for several moments as the flash of light through the open door washed the sight from my eyes.
 The General tumbled into me and I fell onto the bulkhead  then onto screaming bodies  hysterical civilians spraying my face with sour saliva.
 The tires of the plane squealed on the runway as it spun to the right  and when my sight returned a blaze of fire shone through the door.
 I feared nothing more than burning to death  nothing more than being pureed by a propeller  nothing more than being quartered by a Katyusha  which even sounded like the name of a demented Siberian scientist who had lost a few toes and a nose to frostbite.
 I had seen roasted remains before  in a desolate field outside of Hue  carbonized corpses fused into the metal of a downed Chinook  the fuel tanks having incinerated the three dozen occupants  their teeth exposed in a permanent  simian rictus; the flesh of their lips and faces burned off; the skin a finely charred obsidian  smooth and alien  all the hair converted to ash  no longer recognizable as my countrymen or as human beings.
 I did not want to die that way; I did not want to die in any way  least of all in a long-range bombardment from the artillery of my communist comrades  launched from the suburbs they had captured outside Saigon.
 A hand squeezed my chest and reminded me I was still alive.
 Another clawed my ear as the howling people beneath me struggled to heave me off.
 Pushing back to try to right myself  I found my hand on someone s oily head and myself pressed against the General.
Another explosion somewhere on the runway heightened the frenzy.
 Men  women  and children caterwauled at an even higher pitch.
 All of a sudden the plane halted its gyrations at such an angle where the eye of the door did not look out onto fire but only onto the darkness  and a man screamed  We re all going to die.
 The loadmaster  cursing inventively  began the lowering of the ramp  and when the refugees surged forward against the opening  they bore me backward with them.
 The only way to survive being trampled to death was to cover my head with my rucksack and roll down the ramp  knocking people down as I did so.
 Another rocket exploded on the runway a few hundred meters behind us  lighting up an acre of tarmac and revealing the nearest shelter to be a battered concrete divider fifty meters from the runway.
 Even after the explosion faded  the disturbed night was no longer dark.
 The plane s starboard engines were aflame  two blazing torches spewing gusts of spark and smoke.
I was on my hands and knees when Bon seized me by the elbow  dragging me with one hand and Linh with the other.
 She in turn carried a wailing Duc  her arm wrapped around his chest.
 A meteorite shower of rockets and artillery shells was falling on the runways  an apocalyptic light show that revealed the evacuees dashing for the concrete divider  stumbling and tripping along the way  suitcases forgotten  the thundering prop wash from the two remaining engines blowing little children off their feet and staggering adults.
 Those who had reached the divider kept their whimpering heads below the concrete  and when something whizzed overhead a fragment or a bullet I fell to the earth and began crawling.
 Bon did likewise with Linh  her face tense but determined.
 By the time we fumbled our way to an unoccupied space at the divider  the crew had turned off the engines.
 The relief from the noise only made audible that someone was shooting at us.
 Bullets zipped overhead or ricocheted off the concrete  the gunners zeroing in on the bonfire of the burning plane.
 Our guys  Bon said  knees drawn up to his chest and one arm thrown around Duc  huddled between him and Linh.
 They re pissed.
 They want a seat out of here.
 No way  I said  that s NVA  they ve taken the perimeter  even though I thought there was a fairly good chance it was our own men venting their frustrations.
 Then the plane s gas tanks blew  the fireball illuminating a vast stretch of the airfield  and when I turned my face away from the bonfire I found that I was next to the sub- undersecretary  civil servant unextraordinaire  his face nearly pressed against my back and the message in his Chihuahua eyes as clear as the title on a cinema marquee.
 Like the communist agent and the lieutenant at the gate  he would have been happy to see me dead.
I deserved his hatred.
 After all  I had denied him a considerable fortune as a result of my unannounced visit to his house  the address procured for me by the louche major.
 It is true I have some visas  the sub-undersecretary had said as we sat in his living room.
 I and some colleagues are making them available in the interests of justice.
 Isn t it unjust that only the most privileged or fortunate have the opportunity to escape.
 I made some sympathetic noises.
 If there was true justice  he went on  everyone would leave who needed to.
 That is clearly not the case.
 But this puts someone like me in rather difficult circumstances.
 Why should I be the judge of who gets to leave and who does not.
 I am  after all  merely a glorified secretary.
 If you were in my situation  Captain  what would you do.
I can appreciate the situation you find yourself in  sir.
 My dimples hurt from smiling  and I was impatient to arrive at the inevitable end game  but the middle had to be played  to provide me with the same moth-eaten moral covers he had already pulled up to his chin.
 You are clearly a respectable man of taste and values.
 Here I nodded to the left and right  gesturing at the tidy house that had to be paid for.
 Plastered walls were dotted with a few geckos and some decorative objects: clock  calendar  Chinese scroll  and colorized photograph of Ngo Dinh Diem in better days  when he had not yet been assassinated for believing he was a president and not an American puppet.
 Now the little man in a white suit was a saint to his fellow Vietnamese Catholics  having suffered an appropriately martyred death with hands hogtied  face masked in blood  a Rorschach blot of his cerebral tissue decorating the interior of an American armored personnel carrier  his humiliation captured in a photograph circulated worldwide.
 Its subtext was as subtle as Al Capone: Do not fuck with the United States of America.
The real injustice  I said  beginning to get heated  is that an honest man must live a penurious life in our country.
 Therefore  please allow me to extend to you a small token of the appreciation of my patron for the favor that he is requesting.
You do have enough visas on hand for ninety-two people  do you not.
 I was not certain he would  in which case my plan was to put down a deposit and promise to return with the remainder.
 But when the sub-undersecretary replied affirmatively  I produced the envelope of remaining cash  $4 000  enough for two visas if he was feeling generous.
 The sub-undersecretary unsealed the envelope and ran his thumb  callused by experience  over the sheaf of bills.
knew immediately how much money was in the envelope not enough.
slapped the cheek of the coffee table with the white glove of the envelope  and as if that were an insufficient expression of his outrage he slapped the cheek again.
How dare you attempt to bribe me  sir.
I motioned to him to sit down.
 Like him  I  too  was a man trapped by difficult circumstances  forced to do what I must do.
 Is it just for you to sell these visas when they cost you nothing and were not yours to begin with.
 I asked him.
 And would it not be just for me to call the local police commander and have him arrest us both.
 And would it not be just for him to appropriate your visas and engage in some just redistribution of his own.
 So the most just solution is simply for us to return to the situation where I offer you four thousand dollars for ninety-two visas  since you should not even have ninety-two visas or four thousand dollars to begin with.
 After all  you can return to your desk tomorrow and procure another ninety-two visas easily enough.
 They re only paper  aren t they.
But to a bureaucrat paper was never just paper.
 Paper was life.
 He hated me then for taking his paper and he hated me now  but I was bothered not in the least.
 What bothered me as I huddled at the concrete divider was yet another miserable wait  only this time one with no clear resolution.
 The glimmer of a rising sun brought a measure of comfort  but the soothing bluish light showed the tarmac to be in an awful state  chipped and pitted by rocket and artillery explosions.
 In the middle of it all was the smoldering slag heap of the C-130  exuding the pungent stink of burning fuel.
 Between us and the embers of the plane were little dark heaps that gradually took shape  becoming suitcases and valises abandoned in the mad rush  some of them burst open and spilling their entrails hither and thither.
 The sun continued rising notch by notch on its rack  the light becoming harsher and brighter until it achieved the retina-numbing quality generated by an interrogator s lamp  stripping away every vestige of shade.
 Pinned down on the east side of the divider  people began to wilt and shrivel  beginning with the elderly and the children.
 Water  Mama  Duc said.
 All Linh could say was  No  darling  we don t have any water  but we ll get some soon.
On cue  another Hercules appeared in the sky  approaching so fast and steep a kamikaze pilot might have been at the controls.
 The C-130 landed with a screech of tires on a distant runway and a murmur rose from the evacuees.
 Only when the Hercules turned in our direction to approach haphazardly across intervening runways did that murmur turn into a cheer.
 Then I heard something else.
 When I poked my head over the divider cautiously  I saw them  darting out of the shadows of hangars and between revetments where they must have been hiding  dozens  maybe hundreds of marines and soldiers and military cops and air force pilots and crewmen and mechanics  the air base s staff and rear guard  refusing to be heroes or sacrificial goats.
 Spotting this competition  the evacuees stampeded toward the C-130  which had pivoted on the runway fifty meters away and lowered its ramp in a not-so-coy gesture of invitation.
 The General and his family ran ahead of me  Bon and his family ran behind me  and together we brought up the rear of the fleeing masses.
The first of the evacuees was running up the ramp when I heard the hiss of the Katyushas  followed a second later by an explosion as the first of the rockets detonated on a far runway.
 Bullets whizzed overhead  and this time we heard the distinct bark of the AK-47 along with the M16.
 They re at the perimeter.
 Bon shouted.
 It was clear to the evacuees that this Hercules would be the last plane out of the airport  if it could even take off with communist units closing in  and they once more began screaming with fear.
 As they rushed up the ramp as fast as they could  a slick little airplane on the far side of the divider shrieked into the air  a needle-nosed Tiger fighter  followed by a Huey helicopter thumping by with its doors flung wide open  revealing more than a dozen soldiers squeezed inside.
 What remained of the armed forces at the airport was evacuating itself with whatever air mobile vehicle was at hand.
 As the General pushed on the backs of the evacuees in front of him to propel them toward the ramp  and as I pushed the General  a dual-hulled Shadow gunship soared from the tarmac to my left.
 I watched it out of the corner of my eye.
 The Shadow was a funny-looking plane  the fat fuselage suspended between two hulls  but there was nothing funny about the smoke trail of the heat-seeking missile scribbling its way across the sky until its flaming tip kissed the Shadow at less than a thousand feet.
 When the two halves of the airplane and the bits and pieces of its crew fell to the earth like the shattered fragments of a clay pigeon  the evacuees groaned and shoved even harder to make the final climb up the ramp.
As the General set foot on the ramp  I paused to let Linh and Duc pass by.
When they did not appear  I turned and saw that they were no longer behind me.
Get on the plane  our loadmaster shouted beside me  his mouth open so wide I swear I saw his tonsils vibrating.
 Your friends are gone  man.
 Twenty meters away  Bon was kneeling on the tarmac  clutching Linh to his breast.
 A red heart slowly expanded on her white blouse.
 A puff of concrete dust rose when a bullet pinged off the runway between us  and every last drop of moisture in my mouth evaporated.
 I tossed my rucksack at the loadmaster and ran straight and fast toward them  hurdling abandoned suitcases.
 I slid the last two meters  feet first and shaving the skin off my left hand and elbow.
 Bon was making sounds I had never heard from him before  deep guttural bellows of pain.
 Between him and Linh was Duc  his eyes rolled back in his head  and when I pried husband and wife apart I saw the wet bloody mess of Duc s chest where something had torn through it and through his mother.
 The General and the loadmaster were yelling something I could not understand over the increasing whine of the propellers.
Let s go  I shouted.
 They re leaving.
 I pulled at his sleeve but Bon would not move  rooted by grief.
 I had no choice but to punch him in the jaw  just hard enough to shut him up and loosen his grip.
 Then with one tug I pried Linh from his arms  and when I did so Duc tumbled onto the tarmac  his head limp.
 Bon screamed something inarticulate as I ran for the airplane  Linh thrown over my shoulder and making no noise as her body bumped against me  her blood hot and wet on my shoulder and neck.
The General and the loadmaster stood on the ramp beckoning me as the plane taxied away  aiming for any clear stretch of runway as the Katyushas kept arriving  singly and in salvos.
 I was running as fast as I could  my lungs in a knot  and when I reached the ramp I threw Linh at the General  who caught her by the arms.
 Then Bon was at my side running with me  extending Duc with both hands to the loadmaster  who took him as gently as he could even though it did not matter  not with the way Duc s head flopped from side to side.
 With his son handed off  Bon began to slow down  head bowed in agony and still sobbing.
 I grabbed him by the crook of his elbow and with one last push I shoved him face forward onto the ramp  where the loadmaster seized him by the collar and pulled him up the rest of the way.
 I leaped for the ramp  arms extended  landing on it with the side of my face and all of my rib cage  the grit of dirt and dust against my cheek while my legs flailed in open air.
 With the plane barreling down the runway  the General pulled me to my knees and dragged me into the hold  the ramp rising behind me.
 I was squeezed against the General on one side and the prostrate bodies of Duc and Linh on the other  a wall of evacuees pushing against us from the front.
 As the airplane ascended steeply  a terrible noise rose with it  audible not only through the straining metal but through the clamor from the open side door  where the crewman stood with his M16  firing three-round bursts from the hip.
 Through that open door  the patchy landscape of fields and tenements tilted and wheeled as the pilot took us into a corkscrew  and I realized that the terrible noise was not only coming from the engines but from Bon  too  pounding his head against the ramp and howling  not as if the world had ended  but as if someone had gouged out his eyes.
Shortly after we landed on Guam  a green ambulance arrived to take the bodies.
I lowered Duc onto a stretcher.
 His little body had grown heavier in my arms with each passing minute  but I could not lay him down on the grubby tarmac.
After the medics draped him with a white sheet  they eased Linh from Bon s arms and likewise covered her before loading mother and son into the ambulance.
 I wept  but I was no match for Bon  who had a lifetime s worth of unused tears to spend.
 We continued to weep as we were trucked to Camp Asan  where  thanks to the General  we were given barracks that were luxurious compared to the tents waiting for the other late arrivals.
 Catatonic on his bunk  Bon would remember nothing of the evacuation playing on television that afternoon and through the next day.
 Nor would he remember how  in the barracks and tents of our temporary city  thousands of refugees wailed as if attending a funeral  the burial of their nation  dead too soon  as so many were  at a tender twenty-one years of age.
Along with the General s family and a hundred others in the barracks  I watched inglorious images of helicopters landing on Saigon s roofs  evacuating refugees to the decks of airplane carriers.
 The next day  after communist tanks crashed through the gates of the presidential palace  communist troops raised the flag of the National Liberation Front from the palace roof.
 As the debacle unfolded  the calcium and lime deposits of memory from the last days of the damned republic encrusted themselves in the pipes of my brain.
 Just a little more would be added late that night  after a dinner of baked chicken and green beans many of the refugees found exotically inedible  the children the only ones in the cafeteria with any appetite.
 Joining a line to turn in our trays to the dishwashers was the coup de grâce  pronouncing us no longer adult citizens of a sovereign country but stateless refugees  protected  for the moment  by the American military.
 After scraping his untouched green beans into the garbage  the General looked at me and said  Captain  our people need me.
 I m going to walk among them and boost their morale.
 Let s go.
 Yes  sir  I said  not optimistic about his chances but also not thinking of possible complications.
 While it was easy enough to spread the manure of encouragement among soldiers drilled into accepting all kinds of abuse  we had forgotten that most of the refugees were civilians.
In retrospect  I was fortunate not to be wearing my uniform  stained with Linh s blood.
 I had shed it in favor of the madras shirt and chinos in my rucksack  but the General  having lost his luggage at the airport  still wore his stars on his collar.
 Outside our barracks and in the tent city  few knew who he was by face.
 What they saw was his uniform and rank  and when he said hello to the civilians and asked how they were faring  they met him with sullen silence.
The slight crinkle between his eyes and his hesitant chuckling told me he was confused.
 My sense of unease increased with every step down the dirt lane between the tents  civilian eyes on us and the silence unbroken.
 We had barely walked a hundred meters into the tent city when the first assault came  a dainty slipper sailing from our flank and striking the General on his temple.
 He froze.
froze.
 An old woman s voice croaked out  Look at the hero.
 We swiveled to the left and saw the one thing charging us that could not be defended against  an enraged elderly citizen we could neither beat down nor back away from.
Where s my husband.
 she screamed  barefoot  her other slipper in her hand.
Why are you here when he s not.
 Aren t you supposed to be defending our country with your life like he is.
She smacked the General across the chin with her slipper  and from behind her  from the other side  from behind us  the women  young and old  firm and infirm  came with their shoes and slippers  their umbrellas and canes  their sun hats and conical hats.
 Where s my son.
 Where s my father.
 Where s my brother.
 The General ducked and flung his arms over his head as the furies beat him  tearing at his uniform and his flesh.
 I was hardly unscathed  suffering several blows from flying footwear and intercepting several strokes from canes and umbrellas.
 The ladies pressed around me to get at the General  who had sunk to his knees under their onslaught.
 They could hardly be blamed for their ill temper  since our vaunted premier had gone on the radio the day before to ask all soldiers and citizens to fight to the last man.
 It was pointless to point out that the premier  who was also the air marshal and who should not be confused with the president except in his venality and vanity  had himself left on a helicopter shortly after broadcasting his heroic message.
 Nor would it have helped to explain that this general was not in charge of soldiers but the secret police  which would hardly have endeared him to civilians.
 In any case  the ladies were not listening  preferring to scream and curse.
 I pushed my way through the women who had come between the General and myself  shielding him with my body and absorbing many more whacks and globs of spit until I could drag him free.
 I shouted in his ear  propelling him in the correct direction.
 For the second straight day we ran for our lives  but at least the rest of the people in the tent city left us alone  touching us with nothing except contemptuous gazes and catcalls.
 Good for nothings.
 Villains.
 Cowards.
 Bastards.
While I was used to such slings and arrows  the General was not.
 When we finally stopped outside our barracks  the expression on his face was one of horror.
 He was disheveled  the stars torn from his collar  his sleeves ripped  half his buttons gone  and bleeding from scratches on his cheek and neck.
 I can t go in there like this  he whispered.
 Wait in the showers  sir  I said.
 I ll find you some new clothes.
 I requisitioned a spare shirt and pants from officers in the barracks  explaining my own bruised and tattered condition as being the result of a run-in with our ill-humored competitors in the Military Security Service.
 When I went to the showers  the General was standing at a sink  his face rinsed clean of everything except the shame.
General  Shut up.
 The only person he was looking at was himself in the mirror.
 We will never speak of this again.
And we never did.
The next day we buried Linh and Duc.
 Their cold bodies had lain in a naval morgue overnight  cause of death now official: a single slug  type unknown.
 The bullet would forever spin in Bon s mind on a perpetual axis  taunting and haunting him with the even chance of coming from friend or foe.
 He wore a white scarf of mourning around his head  ripped from his bedsheet.
 After we had lowered Duc s small coffin on top of his mother s  both to share the one home for eternity  Bon threw himself into their open grave.
 he howled  cheek against the wooden crate.
 Why them.
 Why not me.
 Why  God.
 Weeping myself  I climbed in the grave to calm him down.
 After I helped him out  we heaped the earth onto the coffins while the General  the Madame  and the exhausted priest watched silently.
 They were innocents  these two  especially my godson  who was probably the closest I would get to having a real son.
 With every strike of the iron shovel against the small mound of loamy earth  waiting to be poured back into the cavity from which it had been extracted  I tried believing that those two bodies were not truly dead but simply rags  shed by emigrants journeying to a land beyond human cartography where angels dwelled.
 Thus my sacerdotal father believed; but thus I could not.
Over the next few days  we wept and we waited.
 Sometimes  for variety  we waited and we wept.
 Just when the self-flagellation was beginning to wear me down  we were picked up and shuttled on to Camp Pendleton in San Diego  California  this time via an airliner where I sat in a real seat with a real window.
Awaiting us was another refugee camp  its higher grade of amenities evidence that we were already profiting from the upward mobility of the American Dream.
 Whereas on Guam most of the refugees had lived under tents hastily erected by the marines  in Camp Pendleton we all had barracks  a boot camp to gird us for the rigors of learning Americana.
 It was here  during the summer of  75  that I wrote the first of my letters to Man s aunt in Paris.
 Of course  as I composed my letters  I was writing to Man.
 If I started a letter with a few tropes we had agreed on the weather  my health  the aunt s health  French politics  then he would know that written in between the lines was another message in invisible ink.
 If such a trope was absent  then what he saw was all there was to see.
 But that first year in America  there was not much need for steganography  the exiled soldiers hardly in any condition to foment a counterstrike.
 This was useful intelligence  but not one needing secrecy.
Dear Aunt  I wrote  pretending she was mine  I regret having to tell you something horrible as my first words to you in so long.
 Bon was not in a good state.
 At night  as I lay sleepless in my bunk  he tossed and turned in the rack above  his memories grilling him alive.
 I could see what flickered on the interior of his skull  the face of Man  our blood brother whom he was convinced we had abandoned  and the faces of Linh and Duc  their blood on his hands and mine  literally.
 Bon would have starved to death if I had not dragged him from his bunk to the mess hall  where we ate tasteless chow at communal tables.
 Along with thousands of others that summer  we also bathed in showers that lacked stalls and lived with strangers in barracks.
 The General was not exempted from these experiences  and I passed a great deal of time with him in the quarters he shared with Madame and their four children  along with three other families.
Junior officers and brats  he muttered to me on one visit.
 This is what I ve been reduced to.
 Sheets strung up on clotheslines divided the barracks into family quarters  but they did little to shield the delicate ears of Madame and the children.
 These animals are having sex day and night  he growled as he sat with me on the cement stoop.
 Each of us was smoking a cigarette and sipping from a mug of tea  which was what we had instead of even the cheapest liquor.
 They have no shame.
 In front of their own children and mine.
 You know what my eldest asked me the other day.
 Daddy  what s a prostitute.
 She saw some woman selling herself down by the latrines.
Across the lane from us  in another barracks  a spat between a husband and wife that had started with the usual name-calling suddenly erupted into a fullblown fight.
 We saw none of it but heard the unmistakable sound of flesh being slapped  followed by the woman screaming.
 A small crowd of people soon gathered outside the doorway of the barracks.
 The General sighed.
 Animals.
 But among all this  some good news.
 He extracted a newspaper clipping from his pocket and handed it to me.
 Remember him.
 Shot himself.
 That s good news.
asked  fingering the article.
 He was a hero  the General said  or so I wrote my aunt.
 It was an old article  published a few days after the fall of Saigon and mailed to the General by a friend in another refugee holding pen in Arkansas.
The centerpiece was a photograph of the dead man  flat on his back at the base of the memorial the General had saluted.
 He could have been resting on a hot day  looking up at a sky as blue as a jazz singer  except the caption said he had committed suicide.
 While we were flying to Guam  with tanks entering the city  the lieutenant colonel had come to the memorial  drawn his service pistol  and drilled a hole in his balding head.
A real hero  I said.
 He had a wife and a number of children  how many I could not recall.
 I had neither liked him nor disliked him  and while I had considered his name for evacuation  I had passed him over.
 A feather of guilt tickled the back of my neck.
 I didn t know he was capable of doing that  I said.
 If I had known .
If any one of us could have known.
 But who could have.
 Don t blame yourself.
 I ve had many men die under my watch.
 I ve felt bad for each one  but death is a part of our business.
 It may very well be our turn one day.
 Let s just remember him as the martyr he is.
We toasted with tea to the lieutenant colonel s memory.
 Except for this one act  he was not a hero  so far as I knew.
 Perhaps the General also sensed this  for the next thing he said was  We could certainly have used him alive.
For what.
Keeping an eye on what the communists are doing.
 Just as they re probably keeping an eye on what we re doing.
 Have you done any thinking about that.
About how they re keeping an eye on us.
Exactly.
 Sympathizers.
 Spies in our ranks.
 Sleeper agents.
It s possible  I said  palms damp.
 They re devious and smart enough to do it.
So who s a likely candidate.
 The General looked at me intently  or perhaps he was staring at me in suspicion.
 He had his mug in hand and I kept it in my peripheral vision as I met his gaze.
 If he tried to crack me over the head with it  I d have half a second to react.
 The Viet Cong had agents everywhere  he continued.
 It just makes sense there would be one of them with us.
You really think one of our own men could be a spy.
 By now the only part of me not sweating were my eyeballs.
 What about military intelligence.
 Or the general staff.
You can t think of anybody.
 His eyes never left my own cool ones  while his hand still gripped the mug.
 I had a sip of cold tea left in mine and I took it now.
An X-ray of my skull would have shown a hamster running furiously in an exercise wheel  trying to generate ideas.
 If I said I did not suspect anyone  when he clearly did  it would look bad for me.
 In a paranoid imagination  only spies denied the existence of spies.
 So I had to name a suspect  someone who would sidetrack him but who would not be an actual spy.
 The first person who came to mind was the crapulent major  whose name had the desired effect.
 The General frowned and at last stopped looking at me.
 He studied his knuckles instead  distracted by my unlikely suggestion.
 He s so fat he needs a mirror to see his own belly button.
 I think your instincts are off for once  Captain.
Perhaps they are  I said  pretending to be embarrassed.
 I gave him my pack of cigarettes to divert him and returned to my barracks to report the gist of our conversation to my aunt  minus the uninteresting parts about my fear  trembling  sweating  etc.
 Fortunately  we were not much longer for the camp  where little existed to alleviate the General s rage.
 Shortly after arriving in San Diego  I had written to my former professor  Avery Wright Hammer  seeking his help in leaving the camp.
 He was Claude s college roommate and the person Claude had told about a promising young Vietnamese student who needed a scholarship to come study in America.
 Not only did Professor Hammer find that scholarship for me  he also became my most important teacher after Claude and Man.
 It was the professor who had guided my American studies and who had agreed to venture out of his field to supervise my senior thesis   Myth and Symbol in the Literature of Graham Greene.
  Now that good man leaped to action once again on my behalf  volunteering to be my sponsor and  by the middle of the summer  arranging a clerical position for me in the Department of Oriental Studies.
even took up a collection on my behalf among my former teachers  a grand gesture that moved me deeply.
 That sum  I wrote to my aunt at summer s end  paid for my bus ticket to Los Angeles  a few nights in a motel  the deposit on an apartment near Chinatown  and a used  64 Ford.
 Once situated  I canvassed my neighborhood churches for anyone who would sponsor Bon  religious and charitable organizations having proven sympathetic to the refugee plight.
 I came across the Everlasting Church of Prophets  which  despite its impressive name  plied its spiritual wares out of a humble storefront flanked by a bottom-feeding auto body shop and a vacant blacktop lot inhabited by heroin zealots.
 With minimal persuasion and a modest cash donation  the rotund Reverend Ramon  or R-r-r-r-amon as he introduced himself  agreed to be Bon s sponsor and nominal employer.
 By September and just in time for the academic year  Bon and I were reunited in genteel poverty in our apartment.
 Then  with what remained of my sponsor s money  I went to a downtown pawnshop and bought the last of life s necessities  a radio and a television.
As for the General and Madame  they  too  ended up in Los Angeles  sponsored by the sister-in-law of an American colonel who had once been the General s adviser.
 Instead of a villa  they rented a bungalow in a slightly less tony part of Los Angeles  the city s flabby midriff  Hollywood adjacent.
 Every time I dropped by for the next several months  as I wrote to my aunt  I found him still mired in a profound funk.
 He was unemployed and no longer a general  although his former officers all hailed him as such.
 During our visits  he consumed an embarrassingly varied assortment of cheap beer and wine  vacillating between fury and melancholy as one might imagine Richard Nixon to be doing not far away.
 Sometimes he choked on his emotions so badly I feared I would have to perform the Heimlich maneuver on him.
 It was not that there was nothing for him to do with his time.
 It was that Madame was the one who found schools for the children  wrote the rent check  shopped for groceries  cooked the meals  washed the dishes  cleaned the bathrooms  found a church in short  undertook all the menial tasks of household drudgery that  for her entire cocooned existence  someone else had managed.
 She attended to these tasks with a grim grace  in short order becoming the house s resident dictator  the General merely a figurehead who occasionally bellowed at his children like one of those dusty lions in the zoo undergoing a midlife crisis.
 They lived in this fashion for most of the year before the credit line of her patience finally reached its limit.
was not privy to the conversations they must have had  but one day at the beginning of April I received an invitation to the grand opening of his new business on Hollywood Boulevard  a liquor store whose existence in the Cyclopean eye of the IRS meant that the General had finally conceded to a basic tenet of the American Dream.
 Not only must he make a living  he must also pay for it  as I myself was already doing as the dour face of the Department of Oriental Studies.
My job was to serve as the first line of defense against students who sought audiences with the secretary or the Department Chair  some addressing me by name though we had never met.
 I was a moderate celebrity on campus because of the feature the student newspaper had run on me  a graduate of the college  member of the dean s list and honor roll  sole Vietnamese student in the history of my alma mater  and now rescued refugee.
 The article also mentioned my soldiering experience  although it was not quite accurate.
 What did you do.
 the budding journalist had asked.
 He was a skittish sophomore with braces on his teeth and teeth marks on his yellow no.
 2 pencil.
 I was a quartermaster  I said.
boring job.
 Tracking supplies and rations  making sure the troops had uniforms and boots.
 So you never killed anyone.
 Never.
 And that  indeed  was the truth  even if the rest of my interview was not.
 A college campus was a bad place to acknowledge my service record.
 First  I was an infantry officer in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam  where I had begun serving the General when he was a colonel.
 Then  when he became a general and took charge of the National Police  which was in need of some military discipline  I  too  moved with him.
 To say that one saw combat  much less was involved with the Special Branch  was a delicate topic on most college campuses even now.
 The campus had not been exempt from the antiwar fervor that had blazed like a religious revival through collegiate life when I was a student.
 On many college campuses including my own  Ho Ho Ho was not the signature call of Santa Claus  but was instead the beginning of a popular chant that went Ho Ho Ho Chi Minh  the NLF is gonna win.
 I envied the students their naked political passion  for I had to submerge my own in order to play the role of a good citizen from the Republic of Vietnam.
the time I returned to campus  however  the students were of a new breed  not interested in politics or the world like the previous generation.
 Their tender eyes were no longer exposed daily to stories and pictures of atrocity and terror for which they might have felt responsible  given that they were citizens of a democracy destroying another country in order to save it.
 Most important  their lives were no longer at stake because of the draft.
 The campus had  as a result  returned to its peaceful and quiet nature  its optimistic disposition marred only by the occasional spring shower thrumming on my office window.
hodgepodge of tasks  for which I was paid minimum wage  involved answering the phone  typing professorial manuscripts  filing documents  and fetching books  as well as helping the secretary  Ms.
 Sofia Mori of the rhinestoned  hornrimmed glasses.
 These things  perfectly suitable for a student  amounted to death by a thousand paper cuts for me.
 To compound matters  Ms.
 Mori did not seem to like me.
It s nice to know you never killed anybody  she said not long after we met.
Her sympathies were obvious  a peace symbol dangling from her key chain.
 Not for the first time  I longed to tell someone that I was one of them  a sympathizer with the Left  a revolutionary fighting for peace  equality  democracy  freedom  and independence  all the noble things my people had died for and I had hid for.
But if you had killed someone  she said  you wouldn t tell anybody  would you.
Would you  Ms.
 Mori.
I don t know.
 She swiveled her chair with a twist of her womanly hips  turning her back to me.
 My small desk was tucked into a corner  and from here I shuffled papers and notes in a pretense of labor  the tasks not enough to fill my eight-hour days.
 As expected  I had smiled dutifully at my desk when the student journalist photographed me  aware I would be on the front page  yellow teeth appearing white in the black-and-white photograph.
 I was doing my best imitation of a Third World child on one of those milk cartons passed around elementary schools for American children to deposit their pennies and dimes in order to help poor Alejandro  Abdullah  or Ah Sing have a hot lunch and an immunization.
 And I was thankful  truly.
 But I was also one of those unfortunate cases who could not help but wonder whether my need for American charity was due to my having first been the recipient of American aid.
 Fearful of being seen as an ingrate  I focused on making enough subtle noise to please but not distract Ms.
 Mori of the avocado-green polyester slacks  my pseudo-work interrupted periodically by the need to run errands or to come to the adjoining office of the Department Chair.
As no one on the faculty possessed any knowledge of our country  the Chair enjoyed engaging me in long discussions of our culture and language.
 Hovering somewhere between seventy and eighty years old  the Chair nestled in an office feathered with the books  papers  notes  and tchotchkes accumulated over a lifetime career devoted to the study of the Orient.
 He had hung an elaborate Oriental rug on his wall  in lieu  I suppose  of an actual Oriental.
 On his desk facing anyone who entered was a gilt-framed picture of his family  a brownhaired cherub and an Asian wife somewhere between one-half and two-thirds his age.
 She was not exactly beautiful but could hardly help but look beautiful next to the bow-tied Chair  the tight neck of her scarlet cheongsam squeezing the bubble of a smile to her frosted lips.
Her name is Ling Ling  he said  seeing my gaze rest on the picture.
 Decades of hunching over a desk had bent the great Orientalist s back into the shape of a horseshoe  thrusting his head forward in the inquisitorial fashion of a dragon.
met my wife in Taiwan where her family had fled from Mao.
 Our son is considerably bigger now than in that picture.
 As you can see  his mother s genes are more resilient  which is not to be unexpected.
 Blond hair fades when mixed with black.
 He said all this during our fifth or sixth conversation  when we had achieved a certain degree of intimacy.
 As usual  he reclined in an overstuffed leather club chair that enfolded him like the generous lap of a black mammy.
was equally enveloped in the chair s twin  sucked backward by the slope and softness of the leather  my arms on the rests like Lincoln on his memorial throne.
A metaphor to explain the situation is available in our own Californian landscape  he continued  where foreign weeds choke to death much of our native foliage.
 Mixing native flora with a foreign plant oftentimes has tragic consequences  as your own experience may have taught you.
Yes  it has  I said  reminding myself that I needed my minimum wage.
Ah  the Amerasian  forever caught between worlds and never knowing where he belongs.
 Imagine if you did not suffer from the confusion you must constantly experience  feeling the constant tug-of-war inside you and over you  between Orient and Occident.
  East is East and West is West  and never the twain shall meet   as Kipling so accurately diagnosed.
 This was one of his favorite themes  and he had even concluded one of our meetings by giving me a homework assignment to test Kipling s point.
 I was to take a sheet of paper and fold it in half vertically.
 On the top  I was to write Orient on the left and Occident on the right.
 Then I was to write down my Oriental and Occidental qualities.
 Imagine this exercise as an indexing of yourself  the Chair had said.
My students of Oriental ancestry inevitably find this beneficial.
At first I thought he was playing a joke on me  since the day he gave me the task was the first of April  the occasion for that funny Western custom called April Fools  Day.
 But he was looking at me quite seriously and I remembered that he did not have a sense of humor.
 So I went home and after some thought came up with this: ORIENT OCCIDENT self-effacing occasionally opinionated respectful of authority sometimes independent worried about others  opinions now and then carefree usually quiet talkative  with a drink or two  always trying to please once or twice have not given a damn teacup is half empty glass is half full say yes when I mean no say what I mean  do what I say almost always look to the past once in a while look to the future prefer to follow yet yearn to lead comfortable in a crowd but ready to take the stage deferential to elders value my youth self-sacrificial live to fight another day follow my ancestors forget my ancestors.
straight black hair limpid brown eyes short  for an Occidental  tall  for an Oriental  somewhat yellowish white somewhat palish yellow When I shared this exercise with him the next day  he said  Splendid.
 A fine beginning.
 You are a good student  as all Orientals are.
 Despite myself  I felt a small surge of pride.
 Like all good students  I yearned for nothing but approval  even from fools.
 But there is a drawback  he continued.
 See how so many of the Oriental qualities diametrically oppose the Occidental.
 In the West  many Oriental qualities unfortunately take on a negative cast.
 This leads to the severe problems of identity suffered by Americans of Oriental ancestry  at least those born or raised here.
 They feel themselves out of place.
 They are not so different from yourself  also split down the middle.
 What  then  is the cure.
 Is the Oriental in the West to feel forever homeless  a stranger  a foreigner  no matter how many generations lived on the soil of Judeo-Christian culture  never able to do away with the Confucian residue of his ancient  noble heritage.
 This is where you  as the Amerasian  offer hope.
I knew he meant to be kind  so I did my best to keep a straight face.
Yes  you.
 You embody the symbiosis of Orient and Occident  the possibility that out of two can come one.
 We can no more separate the physical Oriental from you than we can separate the physical Occidental.
 Likewise with your psychic components.
 But while you are out of place today  in the future you will be the average.
 Look at my Amerasian child.
 A hundred years ago  he would have been seen as a monstrosity  whether in China or in America.
 Today  the Chinese would still see him as anomalous  but here we have made steady progress forward  not as fast as you or I would like  yet enough to hope that when he reaches your age no opportunity will be denied him.
 Born on this soil  he could even be president.
 There are more of you and he than you can probably imagine  but most are ashamed and seek to disappear in the foliage of American life.
 But your numbers are growing  and democracy gives you the best chance of finding your voice.
 Here you can learn how not to be torn apart by your opposing sides  but rather to balance them and benefit from both.
 Reconcile your divided allegiances and you will be the ideal translator between two sides  a goodwill ambassador to bring opposing nations to peace.
Yes  you.
 You must assiduously cultivate those reflexes that Americans have learned innately  in order to counterweigh your Oriental instincts.
I couldn t help myself any longer.
 Like yin and yang.
Exactly.
I cleared my throat of a sour taste  the gastric reflux of my confused Oriental and Occidental insides.
 Professor.
Would it make any difference if I told you I was actually Eurasian  not Amerasian.
The Chair regarded me kindly and took out his pipe.
No  dear boy  absolutely not.
On the way home  I stopped off at the grocery store and bought white bread  salami  a plastic liter of vodka  cornstarch  and iodine.
 I would have preferred rice starch for sentiment s sake  but cornstarch was easier to obtain.
 Once home  I put away the groceries and stuck the paper with my divided self to the refrigerator.
 Even poor people in America had refrigerators  not to mention running water  flush toilets  and twenty-four-hour electricity  amenities that even some of the middle class did not have back home.
 Why  then  did I feel poor.
Perhaps it had something to do with my living situation.
 Home was a dismal one-bedroom  first-floor apartment whose most characteristic feature was the pervasive odor of belly lint  or so I wrote to my aunt.
 On that day as on every day previously  I found Bon listless with grief on the long tongue of our red velour sofa.
 The only time he left was to tend to his part-time night job as janitor for the Reverend R-r-r-r-amon s church  which aimed to save money while saving souls.
 To that end  and proving that one could serve God and Mammon at the same time  the church paid Bon his wages in untaxable cash.
 With no reportable income  Bon was eligible for welfare  which he received with only a marginal degree of shame and a considerable sense of entitlement.
 Having served his country for a pittance  fighting an American-determined war  he sensibly concluded that welfare was a better reward than a medal.
 He had no choice but to accept his lot  for no one had a need for a man who could jump out of airplanes  hump thirty miles with eighty pounds of kit  nail a bull s-eye with pistol and rifle  and absorb more punishment than one of those masked and oiled professional wrestlers on television.
On days when Bon collected the government handout  days like today  he spent the cash on a case of beer and the food stamps on a week s supply of frozen meals.
 I opened the refrigerator to collect my beer ration and joined Bon in the living room  where he had already machine-gunned himself with a halfdozen cans  the empty shells scattered on the carpet.
 He was on his back on the couch  holding another cold can to his forehead.
 I dropped into the nicest piece of furniture we had  a patched but serviceable La-Z-Boy recliner  and switched on the television.
 The beer had the color and taste of baby s pee  but we followed our usual routine and drank with joyless discipline until we both passed out.
 I woke up in the perineum of time between the very late hours of the evening and the very early hours of the morning  grotty sponge in my mouth  frightened by the severed head of a gigantic insect gaping its jaws at me until I realized it was only the wood-paneled television  its twin antennae drooping.
The national anthem blared as the Stars and Stripes waved and blended with sweeping shots of majestic purple mountains and soaring fighter jets.
 When the curtain of static and snow finally fell on the screen  I dragged myself to the mossy  toothless mouth of the toilet  then to the lower rack of the bunk beds in the narrow bedroom.
 Bon had already found his way to the upper rack.
 I lay down and imagined we slumbered like soldiers even though the only place near Chinatown where one could buy bunk beds was the children s section of gaudy furniture stores  overseen by Mexicans or people who looked like Mexicans.
could not tell anyone from the Southern Hemisphere apart but assumed they would take no offense  given that they themselves called me Chino to my face.
An hour passed but I was unable to return to sleep.
 I went to the kitchen and ate a salami sandwich while I reread the letter from my aunt that had arrived yesterday.
 Dear nephew  she wrote  thanks so much for your last letter.
 The weather has been terrible recently  very chilly and windy.
 The letter detailed her struggles with her roses  the customers at her shop  the positive outcome of her doctor s visit  but nothing was as important as the signal about the weather  telling me that between the lines was a message from Man in an invisible ink concocted from rice starch.
 Tomorrow  when Bon was gone for his few hours to clean the reverend s church  I would make a solution of iodine in water that I would brush onto the letter to reveal a series of numbers in purple ink.
 They referred to page  line  and word of Richard Hedd s Asian Communism and the Oriental Mode of Destruction  the cipher Man had so artfully chosen and now the most important book in my life.
 From Man s invisible messages  I had learned that the spirits of the people were high  that the rebuilding of the country was progressing slowly but surely  and that his superiors were pleased with my reporting.
 Why would they not be.
 Nothing was happening among the exiles except tearing of hair and gnashing of teeth.
 I hardly needed to write that in the invisible ink I would make from cornstarch and water.
Somewhat hungover and somewhat sentimental  this month being the first anniversary of Saigon s fall  or liberation  or both  I wrote my aunt a letter to commemorate a year s worth of tribulation.
 Although I left as much by choice as by circumstance  I confess that I could not help but feel pity for my sorry countrymen  their germs of loss passed back and forth until I  too  walked around light-headed in the fog bank of memory.
 My dear aunt  so much has happened.
The letter was a rambling history of the exiles since their departure from camp  told from their teary-eyed point of view  the telling of which stirred tears in me as well.
 I wrote about how none of us was released without the helping hand of a sponsor  whose job it was to guarantee that we would not become dependent on the welfare state.
 Those among us without immediate benefactors wrote pleading letters to companies that once employed us  to soldiers who once advised us  to lovers who once slept with us  to churches that might take pity  even to the merest of acquaintances  hoping for sponsorship.
 Some of us left alone  some of us left as families  some of our families were divvied up and parceled out  some of us got to stay in warm western climes that reminded us of home  but most were dispatched far away to states whose names we could not wrap our tongues around: Alabama  Arkansas  Georgia  Kentucky  Missouri  Montana  South Carolina  and so on.
 We spoke of our new geography in our own version of English  each syllable stressed  Chicago becoming Chick-ah-go  New York pronounced closer to New-ark  Texas broken down to Tex-ass  California now Ca-li.
 Before leaving camp  we exchanged the phone numbers and addresses of our new destinations  knowing we would need the refugee telegraph system to discover which city had the best jobs  which state had the lowest taxes  where the best welfare benefits were  where the least racism was  where the most people who looked like us and ate like us lived.
If allowed to stay together  I told my aunt  we could have incorporated ourselves into a respectably sized  self-sufficient colony  a pimple on the buttocks of the American body politic  with ready-made politicians  police officers  and soldiers  with our own bankers  salesmen  and engineers  with doctors  lawyers  and accountants  with cooks  cleaners  and maids  with factory owners  mechanics  and clerks  with thieves  prostitutes  and murderers  with writers  singers  and actors  with geniuses  teachers  and the insane  with priests  nuns  and monks  with Buddhists  Catholics  and the Cao Dai  with people from the north  the center  and the south  with the talented  the mediocre  and the stupid  with patriots  traitors  and neutralists  with the honest  the corrupt  and the indifferent  sufficiently collective to elect our own representative to the Congress and have a voice in our America  a Little Saigon as delightful  delirious  and dysfunctional as the original  which was exactly why we were not allowed to stay together but were instead dispersed by bureaucratic fiat to all the longitudes and latitudes of our new world.
 Wherever we found ourselves  we found each other  small clans gathering in basements  in churches  in backyards on the weekends  at beaches where we brought our own food and drink in grocery bags rather than buying from the more expensive concessions.
 We did our best to conjure up the culinary staples of our culture  but since we were dependent on Chinese markets our food had an unacceptably Chinese tinge  another blow in the gauntlet of our humiliation that left us with the sweet-and-sour taste of unreliable memories  just correct enough to evoke the past  just wrong enough to remind us that the past was forever gone  missing along with the proper variety  subtlety  and complexity of our universal solvent  fish sauce.
 Oh  fish sauce.
How we missed it  dear Aunt  how nothing tasted right without it  how we longed for the grand cru of Phu Quoc Island and its vats brimming with the finest vintage of pressed anchovies.
 This pungent liquid condiment of the darkest sepia hue was much denigrated by foreigners for its supposedly horrendous reek  lending new meaning to the phrase  there s something fishy around here   for we were the fishy ones.
 We used fish sauce the way Transylvanian villagers wore cloves of garlic to ward off vampires  in our case to establish a perimeter with those Westerners who could never understand that what was truly fishy was the nauseating stench of cheese.
 What was fermented fish compared to curdled milk.
But out of deference to our hosts we kept our feelings to ourselves  sitting close to one another on prickly sofas and scratchy carpets  our knees touching under crowded kitchen tables on which sat crenellated ashtrays measuring time s passage with the accumulation of ashes  chewing on dried squid and the cud of remembrance until our jaws ached  trading stories heard second- and thirdhand about our scattered countrymen.
 This was the way we learned of the clan turned into slave labor by a farmer in Modesto  and the naive girl who flew to Spokane to marry her GI sweetheart and was sold to a brothel  and the widower with nine children who went out into a Minnesotan winter and lay down in the snow on his back with mouth open until he was buried and frozen  and the ex-Ranger who bought a gun and dispatched his wife and two children before killing himself in Cleveland  and the regretful refugees on Guam who petitioned to go back to our homeland  never to be heard from again  and the spoiled girl seduced by heroin who disappeared into the Baltimore streets  and the politician s wife demoted to cleaning bedpans in a nursing home who one day snapped  attacked her husband with a kitchen knife  then was committed to a mental ward  and the quartet of teenagers who arrived without families and fell in together in Queens  robbing two liquor stores and killing a clerk before being imprisoned for twenty years to life  and the devout Buddhist who spanked his young son and was arrested for child abuse in Houston  and the proprietor who accepted food stamps for chopsticks and was fined for breaking the law in San Jose  and the husband who slapped his wife and was jailed for domestic violence in Raleigh  and the men who had escaped but left wives behind in the chaos  and the women who had escaped but left husbands behind  and the children who had escaped without parents and grandparents  and the families missing one  two  three  or more children  and the half dozen who went to sleep in a crowded  freezing room in Terre Haute with a charcoal brazier for heat and never woke up  borne to permanent darkness on an invisible cloud of carbon monoxide.
 Sifting through the dirt  we panned for gold  the story of the baby orphan adopted by a Kansas billionaire  or the mechanic who bought a lottery ticket in Arlington and became a multimillionaire  or the girl elected president of her high school class in Baton Rouge  or the boy accepted by Harvard from Fond du Lac  the soil of Camp Pendleton still in the tracks of his sneakers  or the movie star you love so much  dear Aunt  who circled the world from airport to airport  no country letting her in after the fall of Saigon  none of her American movie star friends returning her desperate phone calls until with her last dime she snagged Tippi Hedren  who flew her to Hollywood.
 So it was that we soaped ourselves in sadness and we rinsed ourselves with hope  and for all that we believed almost every rumor we heard  almost all of us refused to believe that our nation was dead.
Having read many confessions myself  and bearing in mind your notes on what I have confessed thus far  I suspect  my dear Commandant  that this confession is not what you are most likely used to reading.
 I cannot blame you for the unusual qualities of my confession only me.
 I am guilty of honesty  which was rarely the case in my adult life.
 Why begin now  in these circumstances  a solitary chamber of three by five meters.
 Perhaps because I do not understand why I am here.
 At least when I was a sleeper agent  I understood why I had to live my life in code.
 But not now.
 If I am to be condemned if I am already condemned  as I suspect then I will do no less than explain myself  in a style of my own choosing  regardless of how you might consider my actions.
I should get credit  I think  for the real dangers and petty bothers that I endured.
 I lived like a bonded servant  a refugee whose only job perk was the opportunity to receive welfare.
 I barely even had the opportunity to sleep  since a sleeper agent is almost constantly afflicted with insomnia.
 Perhaps James Bond could slumber peacefully on the bed of nails that was a spy s life  but I could not.
 Ironically  it was my most spy-like task to date that could always put me to sleep  the decoding of Man s messages and the encoding of my own in invisible ink.
 As each dispatch was painstakingly coded word by word  it behooved sender and receiver to keep messages as brief as possible  and the one that I decoded the next evening from Man said simply: Good work  Deflect attention from yourself  and All subversives now detained.
I saved encoding my response until after the grand opening of the General s liquor store  which  the General said  Claude would be attending.
 We had spoken a few times by phone but I had not seen Claude since Saigon.
 There was another reason the General wanted to see me in person  however  or so Bon reported a few days later on returning from the store.
 He had just been hired as the store s clerk  a job he could manage while also cleaning the reverend s church parttime.
 I had urged the General to hire Bon  and was glad that he would now spend more hours on his feet than on his back.
 What does he want to see me for.
 I said.
Bon opened the refrigerator s arthritic jaw and extracted the most beautiful decorative object in our possession  a gleaming silver cylinder of Schlitz.
There s an informer in the ranks.
 Beer.
I ll take two.
The grand opening would be at the end of April  timed to coincide with the anniversary of the fall  or liberation  or both  of Saigon.
 It fell on a Friday  and I had to ask Ms.
 Mori  she of the sensible shoes  if I could leave work early.
Although I would not have asked for this favor in September  by April our relationship had taken an unexpected turn.
 In the months after I started working with her  we had gradually surveilled each other on smoking breaks  on the chats that naturally occur between office mates  and then after work at cocktail hours far from campus.
 Mori was not as hostile to me as I had supposed.
 In fact  we had become rather friendly  if that was the word to describe the sweaty  condomless intercourse we engaged in once or twice per week at her apartment in the Crenshaw neighborhood  the furtive fornication committed once or twice per week in the Department Chair s office  and the nocturnal relations staged on the squeaky backseat of my Ford.
As she explained after our first romantic interlude  it was my reasonable  kind  good-hearted manner that had eventually persuaded her to invite me for a drink  whenever.
  I had taken up the invitation a few days later at a tiki bar in Silver Lake  frequented by heavyset men in Hawaiian shirts and women whose denim skirts barely harnessed their generous rumps.
 Flaming tiki torches flanked the entrance  while inside  ominous masks of some unknown Pacific Island origin were pinned to the planked wall  their lips seeming to say  Ooga booga.
 Table lamps in the shape of bare-breasted  brown-skinned hula girls in grass skirts cast an ambient glow.
 The waitress likewise wore a grass skirt whose faded straw color matched her hair  her bikini top fashioned from polished coconuts.
Sometime after our third round  Ms.
 Mori cupped her chin with her right hand  elbow on the bar  and allowed me to light her cigarette  which  in my opinion  was one of the most erotic acts of foreplay a man can perform for a woman.
 She drank and smoked like a movie starlet from a screwball comedy  one of those dames with padded bras and shoulder pads who spoke in a second language of innuendo and double entendre.
 Looking me in the eye  she said  I have a confession.
 I smiled and hoped my dimples impressed her.
 I like confessions  I said.
 There s something mysterious about you  she said.
 Don t get me wrong  it s not that you re tall  dark  and handsome.
 You re just dark and sort of cute.
first  hearing about you and meeting you the first time  I thought  Great  here s an Uncle Tom-a-san  a real sellout  a total whitewash.
 He s not a cracker  but he s close.
 He s a rice cracker.
 The way you get along with the gaijin.
 White people love you  don t they.
 They only like me.
 They think I m a dainty little china doll with bound feet  a geisha who s ready to please.
 But I don t talk enough for them to love me  or at least I don t talk the right way.
 I can t put on the whole sukiyaki-and-sayonara show they love  the chopsticks in the hair kind of mumbo jumbo  all that Suzie Wong bullshit  like every white man who comes along is William Holden or Marlon Brando  even if he looks like Mickey Rooney.
 You  though.
 You can talk  and that counts for a lot.
 But it s not just that.
 You re a great listener.
 You ve mastered the inscrutable Oriental smile  sitting there nodding and wrinkling your brow sympathetically and letting people go on  thinking you re perfectly in agreement with everything they say  all without saying a word yourself.
 What do you say to that.
 Mori  I said  I am shocked by what I am hearing.
 I ll bet  she said.
 Call me Sofia  for Chrissakes.
 I m not your girlfriend s over-the-hill mother.
 Get me another drink and light me another cigarette.
 I m forty-six years old and I don t care who knows it  but what I will tell you is that when a woman is forty-six and has lived her life the way she s wanted to live it  she knows everything there is to know about what to do in the sack.
 It s got nothing to do with the Kama Sutra or The Carnal Prayer Mat or any of that Oriental hocus-pocus of our beloved Department Chair.
 You ve worked for him for six years  I said.
 And don t I know it  she said.
 Is it just my imagination  or does every time he opens the door to his office a gong goes off somewhere.
 And does he smoke tobacco in his office  or is that incense in his bowl.
 I can t help but feel he s a little disappointed in me because I don t bow whenever I see him.
 When he interviewed me  he wanted to know whether I spoke any Japanese.
 I explained that I was born in Gardena.
 He said  Oh  you nisei  as if knowing that one word means he knows something about me.
 You ve forgotten your culture  Ms.
 Mori  even though you re only second generation.
 Your issei parents  they hung on to their culture.
 Don t you want to learn Japanese.
 Don t you want to visit Nippon.
For a long time I felt bad.
 I wondered why I didn t want to learn Japanese  why I didn t already speak Japanese  why I would rather go to Paris or Istanbul or Barcelona rather than Tokyo.
 But then I thought  Who cares.
 Did anyone ask John F.
 Kennedy if he spoke Gaelic and visited Dublin or if he ate potatoes every night or if he collected paintings of leprechauns.
 So why are we supposed to not forget our culture.
 Isn t my culture right here since I was born here.
course I didn t ask him those questions.
 I just smiled and said  You re so right  sir.
 She sighed.
 It s a job.
 But I ll tell you something else.
 Ever since I got it straight in my head that I haven t forgotten a damn thing  that I damn well know my culture  which is American  and my language  which is English  I ve felt like a spy in that man s office.
 On the surface  I m just plain old Ms.
 Mori  poor little thing who s lost her roots  but underneath  I m Sofia and you better not fuck with me.
I cleared my throat.
 Mori.
I think I m falling in love with you.
It s Sofia  she said.
 And let s get one thing straight  playboy.
 If we get involved  and that s a big if  there are no strings attached.
 You do not fall in love with me and I do not fall in love with you.
 She exhaled twin plumes of smoke.
Just so you know  I do not believe in marriage but I do believe in free love.
What a coincidence  I said.
 So do I.
According to Benjamin Franklin  as Professor Hammer taught me a decade ago  an older mistress was a wonderful thing  or so the Founding Father advised a younger man.
 I can t recall the entire substance of the American Sage s letter  only two points.
 The first: older mistresses were  so grateful.
  Perhaps true of many  but not of Ms.
 Mori.
 If anything  she expected me to be grateful  and I was.
 I had been resigned to the consolation of man s best friend  i.
  selfpleasure  and certainly did not possess the wherewithal to consort with prostitutes.
 Now I had free love  its existence an affront not only to a capitalism corseted  or perhaps chastity-locked  by its ethnic Protestant justifications  but also alien to a communism with Confucian character.
 This is one of the drawbacks to communism that I hope will eventually pass  the belief that every comrade is supposed to behave like a noble peasant whose hard hoe is devoted only to farming.
 Under Asian communism  everything but sex is free  since the sexual revolution has not yet happened in the East.
 The reasoning is that if one has enough sex to produce six or eight or a dozen offspring  as is generally the case for families in Asian countries  according to Richard Hedd   one hardly needs a revolution for more sex.
 Meanwhile  Americans  vaccinated against one revolution and thus resistant to another  are interested only in free love s tropical sizzle  not its political fuse.
 Under Ms.
 Mori s patient tutelage  however  I began to realize that true revolution also involved sexual liberation.
This insight was not so far off from Mr.
 Franklin s.
 That sly old sybarite was well aware of the importance of the erotic to the political  wooing the ladies as much as the politicians in his bid for French assistance to the American Revolution.
 Therefore the gist of the First American s letter to his young friend was correct: we should all have older mistresses.
 This is not as sexist as it sounds  for the implication was that older women should also bed younger studs.
And if subtlety was not always present in the Old Goat s missive  the randy truth was.
 Thus our fine man s second point  namely that the gravity of age worked its way from the top downward with the years.
 This commenced with the facial features  then crept south to the neck  the breasts  the tummy  etc.
  so that an older mistress was plump and juicy where it counted long after her visage was dry and haggard  in which case one could simply put a basket on her head.
But there was no such need in Ms.
 Mori s case  as her features were pleasantly ageless.
 The only thing that could have made me happier was a companion for Bon  who  so far as I knew  was also practicing his solo stroke.
 Always a shy one  he swallowed his pill of Catholicism seriously.
 He was more embarrassed and discreet about sex than about things I thought more difficult  like killing people  which pretty much defined the history of Catholicism  where sex of the homo  hetero  or pederastic variety supposedly never happened  hidden underneath the Vatican s cassocks.
 Popes  cardinals  bishops  priests  and monks carrying on with women  girls  boys  and each other.
 Hardly ever discussed.
 Not that there was anything wrong with carrying on it s hypocrisy that stinks  not sex.
 But the Church torturing  murdering  crusading against  or infecting with disease millions of people in the name of our Lord the Savior  from Arabia to the Americas.
 Acknowledged with useless  pious regret  if even that.
As for me  it was the reverse.
 Ever since my fevered adolescence I had enjoyed myself with athletic diligence  using the same hand with which I crossed myself in mock prayer.
 This seed of sexual rebellion one day matured into my political revolution  disregarding all my father s sermons about how onanism inevitably led to blindness  hairy palms  and impotence  he forgot to mention subversion .
 If I was going to Hell  so be it.
 Having made my peace with sinning against myself  sometimes on an hourly basis  it was only due time before I sinned with others.
 So it was that I committed my first unnatural act at thirteen with a gutted squid purloined from my mother s kitchen  where it awaited its proper fate along with its companions.
 Oh  you poor  innocent  mute squid.
 You were the length of my hand  and when stripped of head  tentacles  and guts possessed the comely shape of a condom  not that I knew what that was then.
Inside  you had the smooth  viscous consistency of what I imagined to be a vagina  not that I had ever seen such a marvelous thing besides those exhibited by the toddlers and infants wandering around totally naked or naked from the waist down in my town s lanes and yards.
 This sight scandalized our French overlords  who saw this childhood nudity as evidence of our barbarism  which then justified their raping  pillaging  and looting  all sanctioned in the holy name of getting our children to wear some clothes so they would not be so tempting to decent Christians whose spirit and flesh were both in question.
 But I digress.
Back to you  soon-to-be-ravished squid: when I poked my index and then middle finger inside your tight orifice  just out of curiosity  the suction was such that my restless imagination could not help but make the connection with the verboten female body part that had obsessed me for the past few months.
 Without bidding  and utterly beyond my control  my maniacal manhood leaped to attention  luring me forward to you  inviting  bewitching  come-hither squid.
Although my mother would return soon from her errand  and while at any moment a neighbor might have walked by the lean-to of our kitchen and caught me with my cephalopodic bride  I nevertheless dropped my trousers.
 Hypnotized by my squid s call and my erection s response  I inserted the latter into the former  which was  unfortunately  a perfect fit.
 Unfortunate because from then onward no squid was safe from me  not to say that this diluted form of bestiality  after all  hapless squid  you were dead  though I now see how that raises other moral questions not to say this transgression occurred often  since squid was a rare treat in our landlocked town.
 My father had given my mother the squid as a gift  as he himself ate well.
 Priests always had much attention lavished on them by their starstruck fans  those devout housewives and wealthy congregants who treated them as if they were guardians of the velvet rope blocking entrance into that ever so exclusive nightclub  Heaven.
 These fans invited them to dinner  cleaned their chambers  cooked their food  and bribed them with gifts of various kinds  including delectable  expensive seafood not meant for the likes of a poor woman like my mother.
 While I felt no shame at all for my shuddering ejaculation  an enormous burden of guilt fell on me as soon as my senses returned  not because of any moral violation  but because I could hardly bear depriving my mother of even a morsel of squid.
 We had only a half dozen  and she would notice one missing.
 What to do.
 What to do.
 A plan instantly came to my devious mind as I stood with the befuddled  deflowered squid in hand  my blasphemy leaking from its molested vulva.
 First  rinse the evidence of crime from the inert  abused squid.
 Second  cut shallow scars onto the skin to identify the victim squid.
 Then wait for dinner.
 My innocent mother returned to our miserable hut  stuffed the squid with ground pork  bean thread noodle  diced mushroom  and chopped ginger  then fried and served them with a ginger-lime dipping sauce.
 There on the plate reclined my beloved  forlorn odalisque  marked by my hand  and when my mother said to help myself I seized it instantly with my chopsticks to forestall any chance of my mother doing so.
paused  my mother s expectant  loving eyes upon me  and then I dipped the squid into the ginger-lime sauce and took the first bite.
 Well.
 she said.
 De-dedelicious  I stammered.
 Good  but you should chew it rather than swallow it whole  son.
 Take your time.
 It will taste better that way.
 Yes  Mama  I said.
 And  bravely smiling  this obedient son slowly chewed and savored the rest of his defiled squid  its salty flavor mixed with his mother s sweet love.
Some will undoubtedly find this episode obscene.
 Not I.
 Massacre is obscene.
Torture is obscene.
 Three million dead is obscene.
 Masturbation  even with an admittedly nonconsensual squid.
 Not so much.
 I  for one  am a person who believes that the world would be a better place if the word  murder  made us mumble as much as the word  masturbation.
  Still  while I was more lover than fighter  my political choices and police service eventually did force me to cultivate a side of myself I had used only once in my childhood  the violent side.
Even as a secret policeman  however  I never used violence insomuch as I allowed others to use it in front of me.
 Only when unfavorable conditions squeezed me into situations from which my cleverness could not extract me did I permit this violence to happen.
 These situations were so unpleasant that the memories of those whom I had seen interrogated continued to hijack me with fanatic persistence: the wiry Montagnard with a wire twisted around his neck and a twisted grimace on his face; the stubborn terrorist in his white room and with his purple face  impervious to everything except the one thing; the communist agent with the papier-mâché evidence of her espionage crammed into her mouth  our sour names literally on the tip of her tongue.
 These captured subversives had only one destination  but there were many unpleasant side roads to get there.
 When I arrived at the liquor store for the grand opening  I shared with these prisoners the dread certainty that snickered beneath the card tables of retirement homes.
 Someone was going to die.
 Perhaps me.
The liquor store was on the eastern end of Hollywood Boulevard  far from the camera-popping glamour of the Egyptian and Chinese theaters where the latest movies premiered.
 This particularly unfashionable neighborhood was a shady one despite the absence of trees  and Bon s other function  besides clerking  was to intimidate any would-be robbers and shoplifters.
 He nodded at me impassively from the cash register  standing before a wall with shelves displaying primo brands  theft-worthy pint bottles  and  in a discreet corner  men s magazines with airbrushed Lolitas on their covers.
 Claude s in the storeroom with the General  Bon said.
 The storeroom was in the back  abuzz with overhead fluorescent lights  smelling of disinfectant and old cardboard.
Claude rose from his vinyl chair and we embraced.
 He was heavier by a few pounds but otherwise unchanged  even wearing a rumpled sport jacket he used on occasion in Saigon.
Have a seat  the General said from behind his desk.
 The vinyl chairs squeaked obscenely when we moved.
 Cartons and crates hemmed us in on three sides.
 The General s desk was cluttered with a rotary-dial phone heavy enough for selfdefense  a stamp pad bleeding red ink  a receipt book with a blue sheet of carbon paper tucked between the pages  and a desk lamp with a broken neck  its head refusing to stay raised.
 When the General opened his desk drawer  my heart choked.
 Here it was.
 The moment when the rat would get a hammer to the head  a knife to the neck  a bullet in the temple  or possibly all of the above just for the fun of it.
 At least it would be quick  relatively speaking.
 Back in the European Dark Ages  according to the interrogation course that Claude had taught to the secret policemen in Saigon  I would have been drawn and quartered by horses  my head stuck on a pole for all to see.
 One royal humorist flayed his enemy alive and then stuffed the skin with straw  mounted it on a horse  and paraded it around town.
 What a laugh.
 I stopped breathing and waited for the General to pull out the pistol with which he was going to remove my brains in an unsurgical fashion  but all he extracted was a bottle of scotch and a pack of cigarettes.
Well  said Claude  I wish we were reuniting in better circumstances  gentlemen.
 I heard you had a hell of a time getting out of Dodge.
 That  the General said  is putting it mildly.
 And yourself.
 I said.
 I bet you got out on the last helicopter.
Let s not be too dramatic  Claude said.
 He accepted the General s offer of a cigarette and a tumbler of scotch.
 I got out a few hours earlier on the ambassador s helicopter.
 He sighed.
 I m never going to forget that day.
waited too damn long to get our act together.
 You were the last ones out on airplanes.
 The marines flew in on helicopters to get the rest of the people from the airport and the embassy.
 Air America was flying rescue choppers  too  but the problem was that everyone in town knew about our supposedly secret helipads.
 Turns out that we d enlisted little Vietnamese ladies to paint those helipad numbers on the roofs.
 Smart  huh.
 Come the moment of truth  all those buildings were surrounded.
 The ones who were supposed to get to the helicopters couldn t get to them.
 Same story at the airport  no way in.
 The docks  totally impassable.
 Even the buses going to the embassy couldn t get in  since the embassy was mobbed by thousands.
 They were waving all kinds of paper.
Marriage certificates  employment contracts  letters  even US passports.
 They were screaming.
 I know So-and-So  So-and-So can vouch for me  I m married to a US citizen.
 None of that counted.
 The marines were on the wall and pounding anybody who tried to come up.
 You had to get close enough to give a marine a thousand dollars before he d haul you up.
 We d go up to the wall or to the gate every now and then and look for the people who worked for us and we d point them out.
 If they got close  the marines yanked them up or opened the gates a bit to let just that person in.
 But sometimes we d see people we knew in the middle of the crowd or on the fringes  and we d wave at them to get to the wall  but they couldn t.
 All those Vietnamese in front weren t letting any Vietnamese in back get ahead.
 So we d look and wave  and they d look and wave  and then after a while we just looked away and left.
 Thank God I couldn t hear them screaming  not over all that ruckus.
 I d go back inside and have a drink  but it wasn t any better.
 You should have heard the radio chatter.
 Help me  I m a translator  we have seventy translators at this address  get us out.
 Help me  we have five hundred people at this compound  get us out.
 Help me  we have two hundred at logistics  get us out.
 Help me  we have a hundred at the CIA hotel  get us out.
Guess what.
 None of those people got out.
 We d told them to go to those places and wait for us.
 We had guys at those places and we called them and said  No one s coming.
 Get yourselves out now and get to the embassy.
 Leave those people behind.
 Then there were the people outside the city.
 Agents all over the countryside were calling in.
 Help  I m in Can Tho  the VC are closing in.
 Help  you left me in the U Minh Forest  what am I going to do  what about my family.
Help me  get me out of here.
 They had no chance in hell.
 Even some of those in the embassy had no chance.
 We evacuated thousands  but when the last helicopter took off  there were still four hundred people waiting in the courtyard  all neatly arranged and waiting for helicopters we told them were still coming.
None of them got out.
Christ  I need another drink even to talk about this.
 Thank you  General.
rubbed his eyes.
 All I can say is  it was personal.
 After I left you at the airport  I went back to my villa to get some sleep.
 I d told Kim to meet me at dawn.
 She was going to get her family.
 Six comes along  six fifteen  six thirty  seven.
 The chief calls me up and wants to know where I am.
 I put him off.
 Seven fifteen  seven thirty  eight.
 The chief calls me back and says  Get your ass down to the embassy now  every man on deck.
 The hell with the chief  that Hungarian bastard.
 I grab my guns and drive across town to find Kim.
 Forget the daytime curfew  everyone was out and running around  trying to find a way out.
 The suburbs were quieter  though.
 Life was normal.
 I even saw Kim s neighbors breaking out the commie flag.
 The previous week those same people were flying your flag.
 I asked them where she was.
 They said they didn t know where the Yankee whore was.
 I wanted to shoot them then and there  but everybody on the street had turned out to look at me.
 I sure couldn t wait for the local Viet Cong to come kidnap me.
 I drove back to the villa.
 Ten o clock.
 She wasn t there.
couldn t wait any longer.
 I sat in the car and I cried.
 I haven t cried over a girl in thirty years  but hell  there you have it.
 Then I drove to the embassy and saw there was no way in.
 Like I said  thousands of people.
 I left the keys in the ignition just like you did  General  and I hope some communist son of a bitch is enjoying himself with my Bel Air.
 Then I fought my way through the crowd.
Those Vietnamese who wouldn t let their own fellow Vietnamese through  they made way for me.
 Sure  I pushed and shoved and screamed  and plenty of them pushed and shoved and screamed right back  but I got closer  even though the closer I got  the tougher it was.
 I had made eye contact with the marines on the wall  and I knew if I could just get close enough I d be saved.
 I was sweating like a pig  my shirt was torn  and all those bodies were packed against me.
 The people in front of me couldn t see I was an American and no one was turning around just because I was tapping them on the shoulder  so I yanked them by the hair  or pulled them by the ear  or grabbed them by the shirt collar to haul them out of my way.
 I ve never done anything like that in my life.
 I was too proud to scream at first  but it didn t take long before I was screaming  too.
 Let me through  I m an American  goddammit.
 I finally got myself to that wall  and when those marines reached down and grabbed my hand and pulled me up  I damn near cried again.
 Claude finished the last of his drink and banged the glass on the desk.
 I was never so ashamed in my life  but I was also never so goddamn glad to be an American  either.
We sat in silence while the General poured us each another double.
Here s to you  Claude  I said  raising my glass to him.
 Congratulations.
For what.
 he said  raising his own.
Now you know what it feels like to be one of us.
His laugh was short and bitter.
I was thinking the exact same thing.
The cue for the evacuation s final phase was  White Christmas   played on American Radio Service  but even this did not go according to plan.
 First  since the song was top secret information  meant only for the Americans and their allies  everyone in the city also knew what to listen for.
 Then what do you think happens.
 Claude said.
 The deejay can t find the song.
 The Bing Crosby one.
He s tossing his booth looking for that tape  and of course it s not there.
 Then what.
 said the General.
 He finds a version by Tennessee Ernie Ford and plays that.
 Who s he.
 I said.
 How do I know.
 At least the melody and lyrics were the same.
 So  I said  situation normal.
 Claude nodded.
 All fucked up.
 Let s just hope history forgets the snafus.
This was the prayer many a general and politician said before they went to bed  but some snafus were more justifiable than others.
 Take the operation s name  Frequent Wind  a snafu foreshadowing a snafu.
 I had brooded on it for a year  wondering if I could sue the US government for malpractice  or at least a criminal failure of the literary imagination.
 Who was the military mastermind who squeezed out Frequent Wind from between his tightly clenched buttocks.
Didn t it occur to anyone that Frequent Wind might bring to mind the Divine Wind that inspired the kamikaze  or  more likely for the ahistorical  juvenile set  the phenomenon of passing gas  which  as is well known  can lead to a chain reaction  hence the frequency.
 Or was I not giving the military mastermind enough credit for being a deadpan ironist  he having also possibly chosen  White Christmas  as a poke in the eye to all my countrymen who neither celebrated Christmas nor had ever seen a white one.
 Could not this unknown ironist foresee that all the bad air whipped up by American helicopters was the equivalent of a massive blast of gas in the faces of those left behind.
 Weighing stupidity and irony  I picked the latter  irony lending the Americans a last shred of dignity.
was the only thing salvageable from the tragedy that had befallen us  or that we had brought on ourselves  depending on one s point of view.
 The problem with this tragedy is that it had not ended neatly  unlike a comedy.
 It still preoccupied us  the General most of all  who now turned to business.
I am glad you are here  Claude.
 Your timing could not be more perfect.
Claude shrugged.
 Timing s one thing I ve always been good at  General.
We have a problem  as you warned me before we left.
Which problem.
 There was more than one  as I recall.
We have an informer.
 A spy.
Both looked at me  as if for confirmation.
 I kept my face impassive even as my stomach began to rotate counterclockwise.
 When the General named a name  it was the crapulent major s.
 My stomach began to rotate in the opposite direction.
 I don t know that guy  Claude said.
He is not a man to be known.
 He is not a remarkable officer.
 It is our young friend here who chose to bring the major with us.
If you remember  sir  the major  It hardly matters.
 What matters is that I was tired and I made a mistake by giving you that job.
 I do not blame you.
 I blame myself.
 Now it is time to correct a mistake.
Why do you think it s this guy.
Number one  he is Chinese.
 Number two  my contacts in Saigon say his family is doing very  very well.
 Number three  he is fat.
 I do not like fat men.
Just because he s Chinese doesn t mean he s a spy  General.
I am not a racist  Claude.
 I treat all my men the same  no matter their origins  like our young friend here.
 But this major  the fact that his family is doing well in Saigon is suspicious.
 Why are they doing well.
 Who allows them to prosper.
The communists know all our officers and their families.
 No officer s family is doing well at home.
 Why his.
Circumstantial evidence  General.
That never stopped you before  Claude.
Things are different here.
 You have to play by new rules.
But I can bend the rules  can I not.
You can even break them  if you know how.
I tabulated things learned.
 First  I had scored a coup  much to my chagrin and purely by accident  throwing the blame onto a blameless man.
 Second  the General had contacts in Saigon  meaning some kind of resistance existed.
 Third  the General could contact his people  though no direct communication was available.
 Fourth  the General was fully his old self again  a perennial plotter with at least one scheme in each pocket and another in his sock.
 Waving his arms to indicate our surroundings  he said  Do I look like a small-business owner to you gentlemen.
 Do I look like I enjoy selling liquor to drunks and blacks and Mexicans and the homeless and addicts.
 Let me tell you something.
 I am just biding my time.
 This war is not over.
 Those communist bastards .
 all right  they hurt us badly  we must admit that.
 But I know my people.
 I know my soldiers  my men.
 They haven t given up.
 They re willing to fight and die  if they get the chance.
 That s all we need  Claude.
 A chance.
Bravo  General  said Claude.
 I knew you wouldn t stay down for long.
I am with you  sir  I said.
 To the end.
 Because you picked the major.
 Do you agree that you must correct your mistake.
 I thought you would.
 You do not have to do it alone.
 I have already discussed the problem of the major with Bon.
 You two will take care of this problem together.
 I leave it up to your endless imagination and skill to figure out the solution.
 You have never disappointed me before  except in picking the major.
 Now you can redeem yourself.
 Understood.
 Good.
 Now leave us.
 Claude and I have business to discuss.
The store was empty except for Bon  watching the phosphorescent  hypnotic signal of a baseball game on a tiny black-and-white television by the cash register.
 I cashed the check in my pocket  my tax refund from the IRS.
 It was not a large sum and yet symbolically significant  for never in my country would the midget-minded government give back to its frustrated citizens anything it had seized in the first place.
 The whole idea was absurd.
 Our society had been a kleptocracy of the highest order  the government doing its best to steal from the Americans  the average man doing his best to steal from the government  the worst of us doing our best to steal from each other.
 Now  despite my sense of fellow feeling for my exiled countrymen  I could not also help but feel that our country was being born again  the accretions of foreign corruption cleansed by revolutionary flames.
 Instead of tax refunds  the revolution would redistribute ill-gotten wealth  following the philosophy of more to the poor.
 What the poor did with their socialist succor was up to them.
 As for me  I used my capitalist refund to buy enough booze to keep Bon and me uneasily steeped in amnesia until next week  which if not foresightful was nevertheless my choice  choice being my sacred American right.
The major.
 I said as Bon bagged the bottles.
 You really think he s a spy.
What do I know about it.
 I m just a grunt.
You do as you re told.
So do you  smart guy.
 Since you re so smart  you plan this.
 You know your way around here better than me.
 But the dirty stuff you leave to me.
 Now come and take a look.
 Behind the counter was a sawed-off  double-barreled shotgun on a rack beneath the cash register.
 Like it.
How did you get that.
Easier to get a gun here than to vote or drive.
 You don t even need to know any English.
 Funny thing is  the major got us the connection.
 He speaks Chinese.
The Chinese gangs are all over Chinatown.
It s going to be messy with a shotgun.
We re not using a shotgun  genius.
 He opened a cigar box resting on a shelf beneath the counter.
 Inside was a .
38 Special  a revolver with a snub nose  identical to the one that I carried as my service pistol.
 Delicate enough for you.
Once again I was trapped by circumstances  and once again I would soon see another man trapped by circumstances.
 The only compensation for my sadness was the expression on Bon s face.
 It was the first time he had looked happy in a year.
The grand opening began later that afternoon  the General shaking hands with well-wishers while chatting easily and smiling incessantly.
 Like a shark who must keep swimming to live  a politician which was what the General had become had to keep his lips constantly moving.
 The constituents  in this case  were old colleagues  followers  soldiers  and friends  a platoon of thirty or so middle-aged men whom I had rarely encountered without their uniforms until our time in the refugee camps on Guam.
 Seeing them again in mufti  a year later  confirmed the verdict of defeat and showed these men now to be guilty of numerous sartorial misdemeanors.
 They squeaked around the store in bargainbasement penny loafers and creased budget khakis  or in ill-fitting suits advertised by wholesalers for the price of buy-one-get-one-free.
 Ties  handkerchiefs  and socks were thrown in  though what was really needed was cologne  even of the gigolo kind  anything to mask the olfactory evidence of their having been gleefully skunked by history.
 As for me  even though I was of lesser rank than most of these men  I was better dressed  thanks to Professor Hammer s hand-me-downs.
 With just a bit of tailoring  his blue blazer with gold buttons and his gray flannel slacks fit me perfectly.
Thus smartly dressed  I made my way through the men  all of whom I knew in my capacity as the General s aide.
 Many once commanded artillery batteries and infantry battalions  but now they possessed nothing more dangerous than their pride  their halitosis  and their car keys  if they even owned cars.
 I had reported all the gossip about these vanquished soldiers to Paris  and knew what they did  or  in many cases  did not do  for a living.
 Most successful was a general infamous for using his crack troops to harvest cinnamon  whose circulation he monopolized; now this spice merchant lorded over a pizza parlor.
 One colonel  an asthmatic quartermaster who became unreasonably excited discussing dehydrated rations  was a janitor.
 A dashing major who flew gunships  now a mechanic.
 A grizzled captain with a talent for hunting guerrillas: short-order cook.
 An affectless lieutenant  sole survivor of an ambushed company: deliveryman.
 So the list went  a fair percentage collecting both welfare and dust  moldering in the stale air of subsidized apartments as their testes shriveled day by day  consumed by the metastasizing cancer called assimilation and susceptible to the hypochondria of exile.
 In this psychosomatic condition  normal social or familial ills were diagnosed as symptoms of something fatal  with their vulnerable women and children cast as the carriers of Western contamination.
 Their afflicted kids were talking back  not in their native language but in a foreign tongue they were mastering faster than their fathers.
for the wives  most had been forced to find jobs  and in doing so had been transformed from the winsome lotuses the men remembered them to be.
 As the crapulent major said  A man doesn t need balls in this country  Captain.
 The women all have their own.
True  I concurred  though I suspected nostalgia had brainwashed the major and the others.
 Their memories had been laundered so thoroughly as to be colored differently from mine  for never had they talked so fondly about their wives in Vietnam.
 Have you ever thought about moving  Major.
 Maybe you and your wife could get a fresh start and rekindle your romance.
 Get away from all reminders of your past.
But what would I do for food.
 he said in all seriousness.
 The Chinese food is best where we live.
 I reached forth to straighten his crooked tie  which matched his crooked teeth.
 All right  Major.
 Then let me take you out.
 You can show me where the good Chinese food is.
My pleasure.
 The crapulent major beamed.
 He was a bon vivant who loved food and friendship  someone without an enemy in this new world  except for the General.
 Why had I mentioned the crapulent major s name to him.
 Why hadn t I given the name of someone whose sins outweighed his flesh  rather than this man whose flesh outweighed his sins.
 Leaving the major behind  I made my way through the crowd to the General.
 I was ready for some political boosterism  even of the most calculated kind.
 He was standing by Madame next to the chardonnay and cabernet  being interviewed by a man waving a microphone between the two of them as if it were a Geiger counter.
 I caught her eye  and when she amplified the wattage of her smile  the man turned around  a camera hanging around his neck and a retractable pen with four colors of ink peeking from his shirt pocket.
It took a moment for the recognition to register.
 I had last seen Son Do  or Sonny as he was nicknamed  in 1969  my final year in America.
 He was likewise a scholarship student at a college in Orange County  an hour away by car.
 It was the birthplace of the war criminal Richard Nixon  as well as the home of John Wayne  a place so ferociously patriotic I thought Agent Orange might have been manufactured there or at least named in its honor.
 Sonny s subject of study was journalism  which would have been useful for our country if Sonny s particular brand were not so subversive.
 He carried a baseball bat of integrity on his shoulder  ready to clobber the fat softballs of his opponents  inconsistencies.
Back then  he had been self-confident  or arrogant  depending on your point of view  a legacy of his aristocratic heritage.
 His grandfather was a mandarin  as he never ceased reminding you.
 This grandfather inveighed against the French with such volume and acidity that they shipped him on a one-way berth to Tahiti  where  after supposedly befriending a syphilitic Gauguin  he succumbed to either dengue fever or an incurable strain of virulent homesickness.
 Sonny inherited the utter sense of conviction that motivated his honorable grandfather  who I am sure was insufferable  as most men of utter conviction are.
 Like a hard-core conservative  Sonny was right about everything  or thought himself so  the key difference being that he was a naked leftist.
 He led the antiwar faction of Vietnamese foreign students  a handful of whom assembled monthly at a sterile room in the student union or in someone s apartment  passions running hot and food getting cold.
 I attended these parties as well as the ones thrown by the equally compact pro-war gang  differing in political tone but otherwise totally interchangeable in terms of food eaten  songs sung  jokes traded  and topics discussed.
 Regardless of political clique  these students gulped from the same overflowing cup of loneliness  drawing together for comfort like these exofficers in the liquor store  hoping for the body heat of fellow sufferers in an exile so chilly even the California sun could not warm their cold feet.
I heard you were here  too  Sonny said  gripping my hand and unwrapping a genuine smile.
 The confidence I remembered so well radiated from his eyes  rendering his ascetic face with its antiseptic lips attractive.
 It s great to see you again  old friend.
 Old friend.
 That was not how I recalled it.
 Son  Madame interjected  was interviewing us for his newspaper.
 I m the editor  he said  offering me his business card.
 The interview will be in our first issue.
 The General  flush with good cheer  plucked a chardonnay from the shelf.
 Here s a token of appreciation for all your efforts in reviving the fine art of the fourth estate in our new land  my young friend.
 This could not help but prompt my memory of the journalists to whom we had given the gift of free room and board  albeit in a jail  for speaking a little too much truth to power.
 Perhaps Sonny was thinking the same thing  for he tried to decline the bottle  conceding only after much insistence from the General.
 I commemorated the occasion with Sonny s hulking Nikon  General and Madame flanking him while he cupped the bottle that the General grasped by the neck.
 Slap that on your front page  the General said by way of farewell.
Left alone  Sonny and I traded brief synopses of our recent lives.
 He had decided to stay after graduation  knowing if he returned he would likely receive a complimentary airplane ticket to the tranquil beaches and exclusive  invitationonly prisons of Poulo Condore  built by the French with characteristic gusto.
Before we refugees had arrived last year  Sonny had been reporting for an Orange County newspaper  making his home in a town I had never visited  Westminster  or  as our countrymen pronounced it  Wet-min-ter.
 Moved by our refugee plight  he started up the first newspaper in our native tongue  an effort to tie us together with the news that binds.
 But more later  my friend  he said  grasping me by the shoulder.
 I have another appointment.
 Shall we meet for coffee.
 It does my heart good to see you again.
 Bemused  I agreed  giving him my number before he departed through the thinning crowd.
 I looked for the crapulent major but he had disappeared.
 Except for him  most of our fellow exiles had been shrunken by their experience  either absolutely through the aforementioned maladies of migration  or relatively  surrounded by Americans so tall they neither looked through nor looked down on these newcomers.
 They simply looked over them.
 For Sonny  it was the opposite.
 He could not be ignored  but for different reasons from those in the past  in our college days.
could not remember him being as gentle or generous then  when he pounded on tables and ranted the way the Vietnamese foreign students in Paris in the twenties and thirties must have done  the original crop of communists to lead our revolution.
 I  too  differed in behavior now  although how so was subject to the vagaries of my memory.
 The historical record had been expunged  for while I kept journals as a student  I had burned them all before returning  fearing to bring with me any incriminating traces of what I really thought.
I breakfasted with the crapulent major a week later.
 It was an earthy  quotidian scene  the kind Walt Whitman would have loved to write about  a sketch of the new America featuring hot rice porridge and fried crullers at a Monterey Park noodle shop crammed full of unrepentantly unassimilated Chinese and a few other assorted Asians.
 Grease glazed the orange Formica tabletop  while chrysanthemum tea stood ready to be poured from a tin pot into chipped teacups the color and texture of the enamel on human teeth.
 I supped in a measured fashion while the major gorged with the undisciplined enthusiasm of a man enamored with food  mouth open and talking simultaneously  the occasional fleck of spit or rice landing on my cheek  my eyelash  or my own bowl  eating with such relish I could not help but love and pity the man in his innocence.
This  an informant.
 Hard to believe  but then he might be such a sly character as to be the perfect plant.
 The more logical conclusion was that the General had bolstered the Vietnamese tendency for conspiracy with the American trait of paranoia  admittedly with my help.
 Never had the crapulent major exhibited any particular skill at deceit  covert maneuvering  or politicking.
 Back in Saigon  his function in the Special Branch had been to analyze Chinese-language communication and to keep track of the subterranean subterfuges of Cholon  where the National Liberation Front had constructed an underground network for political agitation  terrorist organizing  and black market smuggling.
 More important  he was my source for the best Chinese food in Cholon  from majestic palaces with spectacular wedding banquets  to rattling carts roaming the unpaved streets  to elusive ladies who carried their bouncing wares on a yoke across their shoulders and set up shop on the sidewalks.
 Likewise in California  he had promised me the best rice porridge in Greater Los Angeles  and it was over a silky smooth white pottage that I commiserated with the crapulent major.
was now a gas station attendant in Monterey Park  paid in cash so he could qualify for welfare benefits.
 His wife  sewing in a sweatshop  was already reduced to nearsightedness from staring so intently at the puzzle of cheap stitching.
 My God  she can talk  he moaned  hunched over his empty bowl with the reproachful countenance of an unfed dog  eyeing my uneaten cruller.
 She blames me for everything.
 Why didn t we stay at home.
 What are we doing here where we re poorer than before.
 Why did we have kids we can t afford to feed.
I forgot to tell you  Captain  my wife got pregnant in camp.
 Twins.
 Can you believe it.
Heart overcast but voice bright  I congratulated him.
 He appreciated the offer of my untouched cruller.
 At least they re American citizens  he said  chewing on his doughy treat.
 Spinach and Broccoli.
 Those are their American names.
 To tell you the truth  we hadn t even thought about giving them American names until the nurse asked.
 I panicked.
 Of course they needed American names.
 The first thing that comes to mind is Spinach.
 I used to laugh at those cartoons where Popeye ate his spinach and became superpowerful all at once.
 No one will mess with a kid named Spinach.
 As for Broccoli  it just came logically.
 A lady on television said  Always eat your broccoli  and I remembered that.
 A healthy food  not like what I eat.
 Strong and healthy  that s what these twins will be.
They ll need to be.
 This country isn t for the weak or the fat.
 I need to go on a diet.
 No  I do.
 You re too kind.
 I am quite aware I m fat.
 The only good thing about being fat  besides the eating  is that everyone loves a fat man.
People love to laugh at fat men and pity them  too.
 When I applied at that gas station  I was sweating even though I had walked just a couple of blocks.
 People look at a fat man sweating and they feel sorry for him  even if they feel a little contempt  too.
 Then I smiled and shook my belly and laughed as I told my story about how I needed a job  and the owner gave it to me on the spot.
 All he needed was a reason to hire me.
 Making people laugh and feel sorry always does the trick.
 You re smiling right now and feeling sorry for me.
 Don t feel too sorry  I have a good shift  in at ten in the morning and out by eight  seven days a week  and I can walk to work from home.
 I don t do a thing except punch buttons on the cash register.
 It s great.
 Come by and I ll give you some free gallons.
 I insist.
 It s the least I can do for you helping us escape.
 I never did properly thank you.
 Besides  this is a tough country.
 We Vietnamese have to stick together.
Oh  poor crapulent major.
 That night  at home  I watched Bon clean and oil the .
38 Special on the coffee table  then load it with six copper bullets and lay it on a little throw pillow that came with our sofa  a tawdry  stained red velour cushion on which the pistol rested like a gift to deposed royalty.
 I ll shoot him through the pillow  Bon said  cracking open a beer.
 Reduced noise.
 Great  I said.
Richard Hedd was being interviewed on television about the situation in Cambodia  his English accent a stark contrast to the interviewer s Bostonian one.
After a minute of watching this  I said  What if he s not a spy.
 We ll be killing the wrong man.
 Then it would be murder.
 Bon sipped his beer.
 First  he said  the General knows stuff we don t.
 Second  we re not killing.
 This is an assassination.
 Your guys did this all the time.
 Third  this is war.
 Innocent people get killed.
 It s only murder if you know they re innocent.
 Even so  that s a tragedy  not a crime.
You were happy when the General asked you to do this  weren t you.
Is that bad.
 he said.
 He put the beer down and picked up the .
 As some men were born to handle a paintbrush or a pen  he was born to wield a gun.
looked natural in his hand  a tool of which a man could be proud  like a wrench.
A man needs a purpose  he said  contemplating the gun.
 Before I met Linh  I had purpose.
 I wanted revenge for my father.
 Then I fell in love  and Linh became more important than my father or revenge.
 I hadn t cried since he died  but after my marriage I cried at his grave because I had betrayed him where it mattered the most  in my heart.
 I didn t get over that until Duc was born.
 At first he was just this strange  ugly little thing.
 I wondered what was wrong with me  why I didn t love my own son.
 But slowly he grew and grew  and one night I noticed how his fingers and toes  his hands and feet  were perfectly made  miniature versions of mine.
 For the first time in my life I knew what it was to be struck by wonder.
 Even falling in love was not like that feeling  and I knew that this was how my father must have looked at me.
 He had created me  and I had created Duc.
 It was nature  the universe  God  flowing through us.
 That was when I fell in love with my son  when I understood how insignificant I was  and how marvelous he was  and how one day he d feel the exact same thing.
 And it was then I knew I hadn t betrayed my father.
 I cried again  holding my boy  because I d finally become a man.
 What I m saying  why I m telling you all this  is that my life once had meaning.
 It had a purpose.
 Now it has none.
 I was a son and a husband and a father and a soldier  and now I m none of that.
 I m not a man  and when a man isn t a man he s nobody.
 And the only way not to be nobody is to do something.
 So I can either kill myself or kill someone else.
 Get it.
I not only got it  I was astonished.
 It was the longest speech I had ever heard from him  his sorrow and rage and despair not only cracking open his heart but loosening his vocal cords.
 Those words even succeeded in making him less ugly than he objectively was  if not handsome  emotion softening the harsh features of his face.
 He was the only man I had ever met who seemed moved  deeply  not only by love but also by the prospect of killing.
 While he was an expert by necessity  I was a novice by choice  despite having had my opportunities.
 In our country  killing a man or a woman  or a child was as easy as turning a page of the morning paper.
 One only needed an excuse and an instrument  and too many on all sides possessed both.
 What I did not have was the desire or the various uniforms of justification a man dons as camouflage the need to defend God  country  honor  ideology  or comrades even if  in the last instance  all he really is protecting is that most tender part of himself  the hidden  wrinkled purse carried by every man.
 These off-the-rack excuses fit some people well  but not me.
I wanted to persuade the General that the crapulent major was no spy  but it would hardly do to disinfect him of the idea with which I had infected him in the first place.
 More than this  I knew I had to prove to the General that I could correct my ostensible mistake  and that I could be a man of action.
 Not doing something was not an option  as the General s demeanor made clear to me at our next meeting the following week.
 He deserves it  the General said  disagreeably obsessed with the indelible stain of guilt he saw stamped on the major s forehead  that tiny handprint of the major s doomed mortality left there by me.
But take your time.
 I m in no rush.
 Operations should be performed patiently and painstakingly.
 He affirmed this in a storeroom that channeled the dispassionate atmosphere of a war room  the walls newly decorated with maps showing our sinuous  narrow-waisted homeland in all its splendor or its parts  each suffocating behind plastic sheeting  red markers dangling on strings next to them.
 Better to do it well and slowly than quickly and poorly  he said.
 Yes  sir  I said.
 What I had in mind was  No need to bore me with details.
 Just let me know when it s done.
So the major s demise was written.
 Nothing was left me but to create a believable story where his death was neither my fault nor the General s.
 I did not have to think very hard before the most obvious story came to me.
 What we had here was your usual American tragedy  only this time starring a hapless refugee.
Professor Hammer invited me to dinner the next Saturday night at his house  the occasion being Claude s imminent return to Washington.
 The only other guest was the professor s boyfriend  Stan  a doctoral student my own age at UCLA  writing his dissertation on the American literary expatriates of Paris.
 He had the white teeth and blond hair of a model in a toothpaste ad  where his role would be the young father of toothsome cherubs.
 The professor s homosexuality had been mentioned to me by Claude before I matriculated at the college in  63  because  Claude said  I just didn t want you to be surprised.
 Never having known a homosexual  I had been curious to see how one behaved in his natural environment  which is to say the West  as the East apparently had no homosexuals.
 Much to my disappointment  Professor Hammer seemed no different from anyone else  aside from his acute intelligence and impeccable taste in all things  extending to Stan and the culinary arts.
The three-course meal was prepared by the professor himself  a salad of mixed greens  duck confit with rosemary potatoes  and a flaky tarte Tatin  preceded by martinis  accompanied by pinot noir  and finished off with single malt scotch.
 All was served in the meticulously restored dining room of the professor s Craftsman bungalow in Pasadena  everything from the double-hung windows  to the art deco chandelier  to the brass hardware of the built-in cabinetry either an original from the early twentieth century or a faithful reproduction.
 Every now and then the professor rose from the dining table and replaced the record on the turntable  choosing a new selection from his extensive jazz collection.
 Over dinner  we talked about bebop  the nineteenth-century novel  the Dodgers  and America s upcoming bicentennial.
 Then we repaired with our scotch to the living room with its massive fireplace of river rock and its stately Mission furniture of angular wooden frames and leather cushions.
 Books of all heights  widths  and colors lined the walls in a democratic parade of individualism  arranged as haphazardly as they were on the walls of the professor s campus office.
 Ensconced thus by letters  words  sentences  paragraphs  pages  chapters  and tomes  the evening was a pleasant one  memorable for the exchange that took place after we assumed our seats.
 His nostalgia stimulated  perhaps  by the literature around him  the professor said  I still remember your thesis on The Quiet American.
 That was one of the best undergraduate theses I ve ever read.
 I smiled demurely and said thanks while Claude  sitting beside me on the sofa  snorted.
 I didn t care too much for that book.
 The Vietnamese girl  all she does is prepare opium  read picture books  and twitter like a bird.
 Have you ever met a Vietnamese girl like her.
 If so  please introduce me.
 All the ones I meet can t keep their mouths shut in or out of bed.
Oh  Claude  the professor said.
Oh  Claude  nothing.
 No offense  Avery  but our American friend in that book also happens to look suspiciously like a latent homosexual.
It takes one to smell one  Stan said.
Who wrote that one for you.
 Noël Coward.
 His name is Pyle  for God s sake.
How many jokes can you make with that name.
 It s also a pro-communist book.
Or at least anti-American.
 Same thing  anyway.
 Claude waved his hand at the books  the furniture  the living room  presumably the whole well-appointed home.
 Hard to believe he was once a communist  isn t it.
 I said.
No  not Stan.
 Were you  Stan.
 I thought not.
That left the professor  who shrugged his shoulders when I looked at him.
was your age  he said  putting his arm around Stan s shoulders.
 I was impressionable  I was passionate  I wanted to change the world.
 Communism seduced me like so many others.
Now he s the one doing the seducing  Stan said  squeezing the professor s hand  a sight that made me squirm just a little.
 For me  the professor was a walking mind  and to see him as a body  or having a body  was still discomfiting.
Do you ever regret being a communist  Professor.
No  I do not.
 Only by making that mistake could I be what I am today.
What is that  sir.
He smiled.
 I suppose you could call me a born-again American.
 An irony  but if the bloody history of the past few decades has taught me anything  it s that the defense of freedom demands the muscularity only America can provide.
 Even what we do at the college has its purpose.
 We teach you the best of what was thought and said not only to explain America to the world  as I have always encouraged you to do  but to defend it.
I sipped my scotch.
 It was smoky and smooth  tasting of peat and aged oak  underscored by licorice and the intangible essence of Scottish masculinity.
liked my scotch undiluted  like I liked my truth.
 Unfortunately  undiluted truth was as affordable as eighteen-year-old single malt scotch.
 What about those who have not learned the best of what was thought and said.
 I asked the professor.
we can t teach them  or if they won t be taught.
The professor contemplated the copper depths of his drink.
 I suppose you and Claude have seen more than your fair share of those types in your line of work.
There s no easy answer  except to say it has always been thus.
 Ever since the first caveman discovered fire and decided that the ones still living in darkness were benighted  it s been civilization against barbarism .
 with every age having its own barbarians.
Nothing was more clear-cut than civilization versus barbarism  but what was the killing of the crapulent major.
 A simple act of barbarism or a complex one that advanced revolutionary civilization.
 It had to be the latter  a contradictory act that suited our age.
 We Marxists believe that capitalism generates contradictions and will fall apart from them  but only if men take action.
 But it was not just capitalism that was contradictory.
 As Hegel said  tragedy was not the conflict between right and wrong but right and right  a dilemma none of us who wanted to participate in history could escape.
 The major had the right to live  but I was right to kill him.
 Wasn t I.
 When Claude and I left near midnight  I came as close as I could to broaching the subject of my conscience with him.
As we smoked farewell cigarettes on the sidewalk  I asked the question that I imagined my mother asking of me: What if he s innocent.
He blew a smoke ring  just to show he could.
 No one s innocent.
 Especially in this business.
 You don t think he might have some blood on his hands.
identified Viet Cong sympathizers.
 He might have gotten the wrong man.
 It s happened before.
 Or if he himself is a sympathizer  then he definitely identified the wrong people.
 On purpose.
I don t know any of that for sure.
Innocence and guilt.
 These are cosmic issues.
 We re all innocent on one level and guilty on another.
 Isn t that what Original Sin is all about.
True enough  I said.
 I let him go with a handshake.
 The airing of moral doubts was as tiresome as the airing of domestic squabbles  no one really interested except for the ones directly involved.
 In this situation  I was clearly the only one involved  except for the crapulent major  and no one cared to hear his opinion.
Claude  meanwhile  had offered me absolution  or at least an excuse  but I did not have the heart to tell him I could not use it.
 Original Sin was simply too unoriginal for someone like me  born from a father who spoke of it at every Mass.
The next evening I began reconnoitering the major.
 On that Sunday and the following five  from May until the end of June  I parked my car half a block from the gas station  waiting for eight o clock when the crapulent major would leave  walking slowly home  lunch box in hand.
 When I saw him turn the corner  I started the car and drove it to the corner  where I waited and watched him walk down the first block.
 He lived three blocks away  a distance a thin  healthy man could walk briskly in five minutes.
 It took the crapulent major approximately eleven  with myself always at least a block behind.
 During six Sundays  he never varied his routine  faithful as a migratory mallard  his route taking him through a neighborhood of apartments that all seemed to be dying of boredom.
 The major s own diminutive quadriplex was fronted by a carport with four slots  one vacant and three occupied by cars with the dented  drooping posteriors of elderly bus drivers.
 An overhanging second floor  its two sets of windows looking onto the street  shaded the cars.
 At 8:11 in the evening or so  the morose eyes of those bedroom windows were open but curtained  only one of them lit.
 On the first two Sundays  I parked at the corner and watched as he turned into the carport and vanished.
 On the third and fourth Sundays  I did not follow him from the gas station but waited for him half a block past his apartment.
 From there  I watched in my mirror as he entered the carport s shadowed margin  a lane leading to the bottom apartments.
 As soon as he disappeared those first four Sundays  I went home  but on the fifth and sixth Sundays I waited.
 Not until ten o clock did the car that parked in the vacant spot appear  as aged and dinged as the others  the driver a tired-looking Chinese man wearing a smeared chef s smock and carrying a greasy paper bag.
On the Saturday before our appointment with the crapulent major  Bon and I drove to Chinatown.
 In an alley off Broadway lined with vendors selling wares from folding tables  we bought UCLA sweatshirts and baseball caps at prices that guaranteed they were not official merchandise.
 After a lunch of barbecued pork and noodles  we browsed one of the curio shops where all manner of Orientalia was sold  primarily to the non-Oriental.
 Chinese chess sets  wooden chopsticks  paper lanterns  soapstone Buddhas  miniature water fountains  elephant tusks with elaborate carvings of pastoral scenes  reproductions of Ming vases  coasters with images of the Forbidden City  rubber nunchaku bundled with posters of Bruce Lee  scrolls with watercolor paintings of cloud-draped mountain forests  tins of tea and ginseng  and  neither last nor least  red firecrackers.
 I bought two packets and  before we returned home  a mesh sack of oranges from a local market  their navels protruding indecently.
Later that evening  after dark  Bon and I ventured out one more time  each of us with a screwdriver.
 We toured the neighborhood until we reached an apartment with a carport like the crapulent major s  the cars not visible from any neighboring windows.
 It took less than thirty seconds for Bon to remove the front license plate from one car  and myself the plate from the rear.
 Then we went home and watched television until bedtime.
 Bon fell asleep immediately  but I could not.
 Our visit to Chinatown reminded me of an incident that had taken place in Cholon years before with the crapulent major and myself.
 The occasion was the arrest of a Viet Cong suspect who had graduated from the top of our gray list to the bottom of our blacklist.
 Enough people had fingered this person as a Viet Cong for us to neutralize him  or so the major said  showing me the thick dossier he had compiled.
 Official occupation: rice wine merchant.
Black market occupation: casino operator.
 Hobby: Viet Cong tax collector.
cordoned off the ward with roadblocks on all streets and foot patrols in the alleys.
 While the secondary units did ID checks in the neighborhood  fishing for draft dodgers  the major s men entered the rice wine merchant s shop  pushed past his wife to reach the storeroom  and found the lever that opened a secret door.
 Gamblers were shooting craps and playing cards  their rice wine and hot soup served for free by waitresses in outrageous outfits.
 On seeing our policemen charging through the door  all the players and employees promptly dashed for the rear exit  only to find another squad of heavies waiting outside.
The usual high jinks and hilarity ensued  involving much screaming  shrieking  billy clubs  and handcuffs  until  at last  it was only the crapulent major  myself  and our suspect  whom I was surprised to see.
 I had tipped off Man about the raid and fully expected the tax collector to be absent.
 the man cried  waving his hands in the air.
 No way.
 I m a businessman.
A very good one  too  the major said  hefting a garbage bag filled with the casino s cash.
So you got me there  the man said  miserable.
 He had an overbite and three long  lucky hairs sprouting from a mole the size of a marble on his cheek.
 Okay  take the money  it s yours.
 I m happy to contribute to the cause of the police.
That s offensive  the major said  poking the man s gut with his billy club.
 This is going to the government to pay your fines and back taxes  not to us.
 Right  Captain.
Right  I said  the straight man in this routine.
But as to future taxes  that s a different matter.
 Right  Captain.
Right.
 There was nothing I could do for the tax collector.
 He spent a week in the interrogation center being beaten black and blue  as well as red and yellow.
By the end  our men were convinced that he was not a VC operative.
 The proof was incontrovertible  arriving in the form of a sizable bribe the man s wife brought to the crapulent major.
 I guess I was mistaken  he said cheerfully  handing me an envelope with my share.
 It was equivalent to a year s salary  which  to put it into perspective  was actually not enough to live on for a year.
Refusing the money would have aroused suspicion  so I took it.
 I was tempted to use it for charitable activity  namely the support of beautiful young women hampered by poverty  but I remembered what my father said  rather than what he did  as well as Ho Chi Minh s adages.
 Both Jesus and Uncle Ho were clear that money was corrupting  from the moneylenders desecrating the temple to the capitalists exploiting the colony  not to mention Judas and his thirty pieces of silver.
 So I paid for the major s sin by donating the money to the revolution  handing it to Man at the basilica.
 See what we re fighting against.
 he said.
 Holy Mary  mother of God  pray for us sinners  droned the dowagers.
 This is why we ll win  Man said.
 Our enemies are corrupt.
 We are not.
 The point of writing this is that the crapulent major was as sinful as Claude estimated.
 Perhaps he had even done worse than simply extort money  although if he did it did not make him above average in corruption.
 It just made him average.
The next evening we were parked down the street from the gas station by seven thirty  wearing the UCLA sweatshirts and caps.
 If anyone noticed us  they would see  hopefully  UCLA students.
 My car had the stolen license plates affixed to it  my legitimate ones in the glove compartment.
 Every little bit of distraction helped  but most important of all were the distractions we did not control but which I had anticipated.
 With my window rolled down  we could hear distant explosions from the city s fireworks show  as well as the pop-pop of occasional small arms fire as an individual celebrated independence.
 Smaller fireworks exploded closer  illegally detonated somewhere in this neighborhood as people lit cherry bombs  launched the occasional streaker into the low sky  or burned through ammo belts of Chinese firecrackers.
 Bon was tense as we waited for the major  his jaw clenched tight and shoulders hunched  refusing to let me turn on the radio.
 Bad memories.
 I said.
 Yeah.
 For a while he said nothing more  both of us watching the gas station.
 Two cars pulled in and gassed up  then left.
 This one time outside Sa Dec  the point man stepped on a Bouncing Betty.
 A little pop when it bounces.
 Then a big bang.
 I was two guys behind him  didn t get a scratch.
 But it blew his balls off.
 Worst part of all  the poor son of a bitch lived.
I mumbled regretfully and shook my head  but otherwise had nothing more to offer  castration being something that was unspeakable.
 We watched two more cars gas up.
 There was only one favor I could perform for the crapulent major.
don t want him to feel anything  I said.
He s not even going to see it coming.
At eight  the crapulent major left the station.
 I waited until he turned the corner  then started the car.
 We drove to his apartment using a different route so he would not see us passing him.
 The fourth parking slot was open  and I parked the car there.
 I checked my watch.
 Three minutes  eight more until the major came.
 Bon took out the gun from the glove compartment and popped the cylinder open one more time to inspect the bullets.
 Then he clicked the cylinder into place and laid the gun on the red velour pillow in his lap.
 I looked at the gun and the pillow and said  What if some of the stuffing gets blown onto him.
 And pieces of the cover.
 The police will see it and wonder what it is.
He shrugged.
 So no pillow.
 That means there ll be noise.
Somewhere down the street  someone set off another string of Chinese firecrackers  the same kind I had enjoyed so much as a little boy during New Year s.
 My mother would light up the long red string  and I would plug my ears and screech along with my mother in the patch of garden next to our hut while the serpent leaped this way and that  consuming itself from tail to head  or perhaps it was head to tail  ecstatically ablaze.
It s just one shot  I said after the firecrackers ceased.
 No one s coming out to see what happened  not with all this noise.
He looked at his watch.
 All right  then.
He slipped on a pair of latex gloves and kicked off his sneakers.
 I opened my door  got out  closed it softly  and took my position at the other end of the carport  next to the path leading from the sidewalk to the apartment s mailboxes.
The path continued past the mailboxes to the two ground-floor apartments  the entrance to the first one ten feet down.
 Poking my head around the corner  I could see the lights of the apartment through the curtains of the living room window  pulled shut.
 A tall wooden fence lined the other side of the path  and above it rose the wall of an identical apartment complex.
 Half of its windows were bathroom windows  and the other half were bedroom windows.
 Anyone at the windows on the second floor could see the path leading to the apartment but would not be able to see into the carport.
Bon walked on socked feet to his position  in between the two cars nearest to the path  where he knelt down and kept his head below the windows.
 I looked at my watch: 8:07.
 I held a plastic bag with a yellow happy face and the words THANK YOU.
 on it.
 Inside were the firecrackers and the oranges.
 Are you sure you want to do this  son.
 my mother said.
 It s too late  Mama.
 I can t figure a way out.
I was halfway finished with a cigarette when the major appeared at the carport for the last time.
 His face broke into a puzzled smile.
 He carried his lunch box in his hand.
 What are you doing here.
 I forced myself to smile in return.
Lifting the plastic bag  I said  I was in the neighborhood and thought I d drop this off.
What is it.
 He was halfway to me.
A gift for the Fourth of July.
 Bon emerged from behind the car by which the major was walking  but I kept my gaze on the major.
 He was within three feet when he said  Do they give gifts on the Fourth of July.
The expression on his face was still puzzled.
 When I offered him the bag with both hands  he leaned forward to peer at its contents.
 Behind him Bon walked up  noiseless on his socked feet and gun in hand.
 You didn t have to  said the major.
 When he put his hands on the bag  it was the moment for Bon to shoot.
But instead of pulling the trigger  Bon said  Hey  Major.
The major turned around  gift in one hand  lunch box in the other.
 I stepped to one side and heard him start to say a word when he saw Bon  and then Bon shot him.
 The report echoed in the carport  hurting my ears.
 The major s skull cracked when his head hit the pavement  and if the bullet had not already killed him  perhaps the fall did.
 He lay flat on his back  the bullet hole in his forehead a third eye  weeping blood.
 Move  Bon hissed  tucking the gun into the waistband of his pants.
 As he knelt down and rolled the major onto his side  I leaned over the body and picked up the plastic bag  its yellow happy face freckled with blood.
 The major s open mouth was wrapped around the shape of his last word.
Bon tugged the wallet out of the major s hip pocket  stood up  and pushed me toward the car.
 I looked at my watch: 8:13.
I pulled out of the carport.
 A numbness descended on me  beginning from my brain and my eyeballs and extending to my toes and fingers.
 I thought he wasn t going to see it coming  I said.
 I just couldn t shoot him in the back  he said.
Don t worry.
 He didn t feel a thing.
 I was not worried about whether the crapulent major felt a thing.
 I was worried about whether I felt a thing.
 We said nothing more  and before we reached our apartment  I pulled into an alley where we replaced the license plates.
 Then we went home  and when I took my sneakers off I saw spots of blood on the white toes.
 I took the shoes into the kitchen and wiped them off with a wet paper towel before I dialed the General s number from the phone hanging by the refrigerator  its door decorated with the twin columns of my divided self.
 He answered on the second ring.
 Hello.
 It s done.
 There was a pause.
 Good.
 I hung up the phone  and when I returned to the living room with two glasses and a bottle of rye  I found that Bon had emptied the contents of the major s wallet onto the coffee table.
 What do we do with this.
 Bon asked.
 There was his Social Security card  his state ID  but no driver s license  as he did not have a car   a wad of receipts  twenty-two dollars  a handful of change  and some photos.
 A black-and-white one showed him and his wife on their wedding day  very young and dressed in Western garb.
 He had been fat back then  too.
 There was also a color photo of his twins at a few weeks of age  genderless and wrinkled.
 Burn them  I said.
 The wallet I would dispose of tomorrow  along with the license plates  the plastic bag  and the ashes.
When I handed him a glass of rye  I saw the red scar on his hand.
 Here s to the major  Bon said.
 The medicinal taste of the rye was so awful we had a second drink to wash it away  then a third  and so forth  all while watching television specials celebrating the nation s birthday.
 It was not just any birthday  but the bicentennial of a great  brawny nation  a little punch-drunk from recent foreign excursions but now on its feet again and ready to swing  or so proclaimed the chatterati.
 Then we ate three of the oranges and went to bed.
 I lay down on my bunk  closed my eyes  knocked my knees against the rearranged furniture of my thoughts  and shuddered at what I saw.
 I opened my eyes but it made no difference.
 No matter whether my eyes were open or shut  I could still see it  the crapulent major s third eye  weeping because of what it could see about me.
I confess that the major s death troubled me greatly  Commandant  even if it does not trouble you.
 He was a relatively innocent man  which was the best one could hope for in this world.
 In Saigon  I could have depended on my weekly visits to the basilica with Man to discuss my misgivings  but here I was alone with myself  my deeds  and my beliefs.
 I knew what Man would say to me  but I just needed him to say it to me again  as he had on other occasions  such as the time I passed to him a cartridge of film recording the heliborne assault plans of a Ranger battalion.
 Innocent men would die as a result of my actions  wouldn t they.
 Of course men will die  Man said  masking his words behind his folded hands as we knelt in a pew.
 But they aren t innocent.
 Neither are we  my friend.
We re revolutionaries  and revolutionaries can never be innocent.
 We know too much and have done too much.
I shivered in the humid climate of the basilica while the dowagers droned.
it was in the beginning  is now  and ever shall be  world without end.
 Amen.
Contrary to some perceptions  revolutionary ideology  even in a tropical country  is not hot.
 It is cold  man-made.
 Little surprise  then  that revolutionaries needed natural heat sometimes.
 Thus  when I received an invitation to a wedding not long after the crapulent major s demise  I accepted with enthusiasm.
 Sofia Mori was my curious guest to this reception for a couple whose names I had to check on the invitation before greeting them.
 The bride s father was a legendary marine colonel whose battalion fought off an NVA regiment during the Battle of Hue with no American assistance  while the groom s father was the vice president of the Saigon branch of Bank of America.
 His family had fled Saigon on a jet chartered by Bank of America  thus avoiding the indignity of the refugee camps.
 The most distinctive thing about the vice president  besides his air of effortless distinction  was the Clark Gable mustache playing dead on his upper lip  an adornment favored by southern men who fancied themselves debonair playboys.
 I had received an invitation since I had met the man several times in Saigon as the General s aide.
 My status was indicated by how far I sat from the stage  which is to say very far.
 We were positioned near the restrooms  buffered from the scent of disinfectant only by the tables for the children and the band.
Our companions were a couple of former junior officers  two mid-tier bank executives who had found lower-tier jobs with Bank of America branches  an inlaw who looked inbred  and their wives.
 In dire times I would not merit a seat  but now we were more than a year into our American exile  and flush times had returned for some.
 The Chinese restaurant was in Westminster  where the man with the Clark Gable mustache had settled his family in a ranch-style suburban home  a demotion from his villa in Saigon but many rungs above almost all the evening s attendees.
 Westminster was Sonny s town  and I spotted him at a table several rings closer to the center of power  Clark Gable s attempt to ensure positive press coverage.
Despite the noise and activity in the restaurant  where Chinese waiters tucked into red jackets scurried through the maze of banquet tables  a touch of melancholy pervaded the huge dining room.
 The bride s father was notably absent  captured along with the remnants of his battalion as they defended the western approach to Saigon on the last day.
 The General praised him at the beginning of the banquet in a speech that stirred emotions  tears  and drinks.
 All the veterans toasted the hero with voluble bursts of bravado that helped to obscure their own uncomfortable lack of heroism.
 One simply must grin and drink unless one wants to sink to one s neck in the quicksands of contradiction  or so said the sad crapulent major  his severed head serving as the table s centerpiece.
 So I grinned and poured cognac down my throat.
 Then I mixed a libation of Rémy Martin and soda for Ms.
 Mori while explaining the exotic customs  habits  hairstyles  and fashion of our fun-loving people.
 I yelled my explanations  struggling to be heard over the loud cover band that was fronted by a petite dude in a sequined blazer.
 He sported a glam rocker s perm modeled on a Louis XIV wig  minus the powder  and strutted on gold platform shoes while fondling his mike  pressing the ball of it to his lips suggestively as he sang.
 The heterosexually certified bankers and military men absolutely loved him  roaring approval at every flagrant pelvic gesture of flirtation from the singer s extraordinarily tight satin pants.
 When the singer invited manly men to the stage for a dance  it was the General who immediately offered himself.
 He grinned as he sashayed with the singer to  Black Is Black   the theme song of riotous Saigonese decadence  the audience cheering and clapping in appreciation  the singer winking over his shoulder à la Mae West.
 This was the General s element  among men and women who appreciated him or who knew better than to voice any disagreements or discomfort with him.
 The execution no  the neutralization of the poor crapulent major had pumped life back into him  enough so that he had masterfully eulogized at the funeral.
 There he praised the major as a quietly self-sacrificial and humble man who always performed his duties to country and family without complaint  only to be tragically cut down in a senseless robbery.
 I had taken photographs of the funeral with my Kodak  the images later dispatched to my aunt in Paris  while Sonny sat in the front row of mourners  taking notes for an obituary.
 After the funeral  the General slipped the widow an envelope of cash from the operational funds provided by Claude  then stooped to peer into the bassinet where Spinach and Broccoli slept.
 As for myself  I could only mumble something generically appropriate to the widow  whose veil cloaked a waterfall of tears.
 How was it.
 Bon asked when I came home.
 How do you think.
 I said  heading for the refrigerator  its ribs lined as always with beer.
 Besides my conscience  my liver was the most abused part of my body.
Weddings often exacerbated the abuse  aggravated by the sight of a happy  innocent bride and groom.
 Their marriage might lead to alienation  adultery  misery  and divorce  but it might also lead to affection  loyalty  children  and contentment.
 While I had no desire to be married  weddings reminded me of what had been denied to me through no choice of my own.
 Thus  if I began every wedding as a pulp movie tough guy  mixing laughs with the occasional cynical comment  I ended each wedding as a watered-down cocktail  one-third singing  one-third sentimental  and one-third sorrowful.
 It was in this state that I took Ms.
 Mori to the dance floor after the wedding cake was cut  and it was then  near the stage  that I recognized one of the two female singers taking turns at the microphone with our gay blade.
 She was the General s oldest daughter  safely ensconced in the Bay Area as a student while the country collapsed.
 Lana was nearly unrecognizable from the schoolgirl I had seen at the General s villa during her lycée years and on summer vacations.
 In those days  her name was still Lan and she wore the most modest of clothing  the schoolgirl s white ao dai that had sent many a Western writer into near-pederastic fantasies about the nubile bodies whose every curve was revealed without displaying an inch of flesh except above the neck and below the cuffs.
 This the writers apparently took as an implicit metaphor for our country as a whole  wanton and yet withdrawn  hinting at everything and giving away nothing in a dazzling display of demureness  a paradoxical incitement to temptation  a breathtakingly lewd exhibition of modesty.
 Hardly any male travel writer  journalist  or casual observer of our country s life could restrain himself from writing about the young girls who rode their bicycles to and from school in those fluttering white ao dai  butterflies that every Western man dreamed of pinning to his collection.
In reality  Lan was a tomboy who had to be straitjacketed into her ao dai every morning by Madame or a nanny.
 Her ultimate form of rebellion was to be a superb student who  like me  earned a scholarship to the States.
 In her case  the scholarship was from the University of California at Berkeley  which the General and Madame regarded as a communist colony of radical professors and revolutionary students out to beguile and bed innocents.
 They wanted to send her to a girls  college where the only danger was lesbian seduction  but Lan had applied to none of them  insisting on Berkeley.
 When they forbade her from going  Lan threatened suicide.
 Neither the General nor Madame took her seriously until Lan swallowed a fistful of sleeping pills.
 Thankfully she had a small fist.
 After nursing her back to health  the General was willing to concede  but Madame was not.
 Lan then threw herself into the Saigon River one afternoon  albeit at a time when the quay was well stocked with pedestrians  two of whom jumped in to save her as she floated in her white ao dai.
 At last Madame  too  conceded  and Lan flew off to Berkeley to study art history in the fall of  72  a major her parents felt would enhance her feminine sensibilities and keep her suitable for marriage.
During her returns home in the summers of  73 and  74  she reappeared as a foreigner in bell-bottomed jeans and feathered hair  blouses stretched tight as a trampoline over the swell of her bosom  clogs adding several inches to her modest height.
 Madame would sit her down in her salon and  according to the nannies  lecture her on the importance of maintaining her virginity and of cultivating the  Three Submissions and Four Virtues  a phrase that calls to mind the title of a highbrow erotic novel.
 The mere mention of her endangered or putatively lost virginity provided ample wood for the cookstove of my imagination  a fire I stoked in the privacy of my room  down the hall from the one she shared with a little sister.
 Lan had visited the General and Madame a few times since our arrival in California  but I had not been invited to the home on such occasions.
 Nor had I been invited to go with the General and Madame to her graduation cum laude a few months before.
 The most I heard of Lan was when the General muttered something about his unfilial daughter  who was now going by the name of Lana and who had not returned home after graduation but instead chosen to live on her own.
 Although I tried to draw out the General on what Lana was doing postgraduation  he had been uncharacteristically incommunicative.
Now I knew  and now I knew why.
 This Lana onstage bore no relationship to the Lan that I remembered.
 In the band s arrangement  the other female singer was the angel of tradition  clad in a chartreuse ao dai  hair long and straight  makeup tasteful  her songs of choice estrogen-soaked ballads about lovelorn women hailing distant soldier lovers or lost Saigon itself.
 No such sadness or loss tinted Lana s songs  no looking backward over the shoulder for this temptress of modernity.
 Even I was shocked by the black leather miniskirt that threatened to reveal a glimpse of that secret I had so often fantasized about.
Above the miniskirt  her gold silk halter top shimmered with every gyration of her torso as she flexed her lungs  her specialty being the rock- em  sock- em numbers that the blues and rock bands of our homeland had mastered in order to entertain American troops and Americanized youth.
 I had heard her sing  Proud Mary  earlier in the evening without realizing it was she  and now I had to remind myself not to stare at her as she let loose a throaty version of  Twist and Shout  that called nearly everyone under the age of forty to the dance floor.
Besides the simple yet elegant cha-cha  the twist was the favorite dance of the southern people  requiring as it did no coordination.
 Even Madame usually did the twist  innocent enough that she allowed her children to flock to the floor and dance  too.
 But glancing at the General s table  which occupied a place of honor on the dance floor s edge  I saw both the General and the Madame remaining seated  looking as if they were sucking on the sour fruit of the tamarind tree that had shaded their lost villa.
 And no wonder.
 For no one was twisting more than Lana herself  every rotation of her hips working an invisible ratchet that pulled the heads of the men on the dance floor forward and then pushed back.
 I might have participated if I was not so aware of Ms.
 Mori dancing with me  twisting with such childlike glee that I had to smile.
 She was looking remarkably feminine compared with her usual style.
 A lily nestled in her marcelled hair  and she wore a chiffon dress that actually exposed her knees.
 I had flattered her more than once on her appearance  and I took the occasion of seeing her knees during the twist to compliment her on her dancing as well.
 I haven t danced like that in a long time  she said when the song was over.
 Neither have I  Ms.
 Mori  I said  kissing her on the cheek.
 Sofia  she said.
Before I could respond  Clark Gable took to the stage and announced a surprise visitor  a congressman who served in our country as a Green Beret from  62 to  64 and who was the representative for this district we found ourselves in.
The Congressman had achieved a significant degree of renown in Southern California as an up-and-coming young politician  his martial credentials serving him well in Orange County.
 Here  his nicknames of Napalm Ned or Knock- emDead Ned or Nuke- em-All Ned  used depending on one s mood and the geopolitical crisis  were affectionate rather than derogatory.
 He was so anti-red in his politics he might as well have been green  one reason he was one of the few politicians in Southern California to greet the refugees with open arms.
 The majority of Americans regarded us with ambivalence if not outright distaste  we being living reminders of their stinging defeat.
 We threatened the sanctity and symmetry of a white and black America whose yin and yang racial politics left no room for any other color  particularly that of pathetic little yellow-skinned people pickpocketing the American purse.
 We were strange aliens rumored to have a predilection for Fido Americanus  the domestic canine on whom was lavished more per capita than the annual income of a starving Bangladeshi family.
  The true horror of this situation was actually beyond the ken of the average American.
 While some of us indeed had been known to sup on the brethren of Rin Tin Tin and Lassie  we did not do so in the Neanderthalesque way imagined by the average American  with a club  a roast  and some salt  but with a gourmand s depth of ingenuity and creativity  our chefs able to cook canids seven different virility-enhancing ways  from extracting the marrow to grilling and boiling  as well as sausage making  stewing  and a few varieties of frying and steaming yum.
  The Congressman  however  had written editorials defending us and welcoming the émigrés to his Orange County district.
Good God  look at you  he said  with microphone in hand  Clark Gable by his side  flanked by angel and temptress.
 He was in his forties  a crossbreed between lawyer and politician  exhibiting the former s aggressiveness and the latter s smoothness  typified by his head.
 Shiny  polished  and pointed as the tip of a fountain pen  words flowed from it as easily as the finest India ink.
 This head was the difference in height between him and the shorter Clark Gable  and in every dimension was the Congressman so much more expansive that two Vietnamese men of average height and size could have squeezed themselves into the confines of his body.
 Look at yourselves  ladies and gentlemen  look at yourselves the way I wish my fellow Americans would look at you  which is as fellow Americans.
 I am truly thankful for the chance to be here tonight and to share in the joy of this occasion  this marriage of two lovely young Vietnamese people in a Chinese restaurant on California soil under an American moon and in a Christian universe.
 Let me tell you something  ladies and gentlemen  for two years I lived among your people in the Highlands and fought with your soldiers and shared your fears and faced your enemy  and I thought then and I think now how I could do nothing finer with my life than sacrifice it in the cause of your hopes  dreams  and aspirations for a better life.
 While I believed as surely as you that those hopes  dreams  and aspirations would be fulfilled in your homeland  we have been dealt another hand by history and the mysterious and unquestionable grace of God.
 I am here to tell you  ladies and gentlemen  that this is a hand of temporary bad luck  for your soldiers fought well and bravely  and would have prevailed if only Congress had remained as steadfast in their support of you as the president promised.
 This was a promise shared by many  many Americans.
 But not all.
 You know who I mean.
 The Democrats.
 The media.
 The antiwar movement.
 The hippies.
 The college students.
 The radicals.
America was weakened by its own internal divisions  by the defeatists and communists and traitors infesting our universities  our newsrooms  and our Congress.
 You  sad to say  merely remind them of their cowardice and their treachery.
 I am here to tell you that what you remind me of is America s great promise.
 The promise of the immigrant.
 The promise of the American Dream.
The promise that the people of this country used to hold dear and will one day soon hold dear again  that America is a land of freedom and independence  a land of patriots who have always stood up for the little man no matter where he is in the world  a land of heroes who will never relent in the cause of helping our friends and smiting our enemies  a land that welcomes people like you  who have sacrificed so much in our common cause of democracy and liberty.
 One day  my friends  America will stand tall again  and it will be because of people like you.
 And one day  my friends  the land you have lost will be yours again.
Because nothing can stop the inevitable movement of freedom and the will of the people.
 Now  affirm with me in your beautiful language what we all believe   The entire audience had been cheering and applauding wildly throughout the speech  and if he had rolled out a communist in a cage  the spectators would have gladly called for him to rip out the red s beating heart with his massive fists.
 There was no way he could possibly get them even more excited  but he did.
 Raising his arms to form a V  presumably for Victory  or for Vietnam  or for Vote for me  or for something even more subliminally suggestive  he shouted into the microphone  in the most perfect Vietnamese  Vietnam Muon Nam.
Vietnam Muon Nam.
 Vietnam Muon Nam.
 Everyone sitting leaped to his or her feet  and everyone standing stood a little taller  and everyone roared after the Congressman the refrain of Vietnam Forever.
 Then Clark Gable made a motion to the band  and it swung into the rhythms of our national anthem  which the angel and the temptress and Clark Gable and the Congressman all sang with zeal  as did everyone in the audience  myself included  except for the stoic Chinese waiters  who could finally take a rest.
When the anthem finished  the Congressman was mobbed by well-wishers onstage while the rest of the audience members sunk into their seats with postcoital smugness.
 I turned to find Sonny  notepad and pen in hand  standing by Ms.
 Mori.
 Funny  he said  pink from a glass or two of cognac.
 It s the same slogan the Communist Party uses.
 Mori shrugged.
 A slogan is just an empty suit  she said.
 Anyone can wear it.
 I like that  Sonny said.
 Mind if I use it.
introduced the two of them and asked him if he was going to get up close for a photograph.
 He grinned.
 The newspaper s been doing well enough for me to hire a photographer.
 As for me  I already interviewed the good Congressman.
should have worn a flak jacket.
 He was practically shooting bullets at me.
Typical white man behavior  Ms.
 Mori said.
 Have you ever noticed how a white man can learn a few words of some Asian language and we just eat it up.
He could ask for a glass of water and we d treat him like Einstein.
 Sonny smiled and wrote that down  too.
 You ve been here longer than we have  Ms.
 Mori  he said with some admiration.
 Have you noticed that when we Asians speak English  it better be nearly perfect or someone s going to make fun of our accent.
 It doesn t matter how long you ve been here  Ms.
 Mori said.
 White people will always think we re foreigners.
 But isn t there another side to that.
said  my words a little slurred from the cognac in my bloodstream.
 If we speak perfect English  then Americans trust us.
 It makes it easier for them to think we re one of them.
You re that kind of person  right.
 Sonny s eyes were as opaque as the tinted windows of a car.
 I was mistaken about him having changed that much.
 In the few times we had seen each other since our initial reunion  he had shown that he had merely turned down the volume on his personality.
 So what do you think of our Congressman.
Are you going to quote me.
You ll be an anonymous source.
He s the best thing that could have happened to us  I said.
 And that was no lie.
It was  instead  the best kind of truth  the one that meant at least two things.
The next weekend provided further opportunity to refine my understanding of the Congressman s potential.
 On a bright Sunday morning  I chauffeured the General and Madame from Hollywood to Huntington Beach  where the Congressman lived and where he had invited them for lunch.
 My title of chauffeur was more impressive than the vehicle  a Chevrolet Nova whose best feature was its relative newness.
 But the fact remained that the General and the Madame  nestled in the backseat  had a chauffeur.
 My function was to be a trapping of their past and possibly future life.
 Their conversation for the hourlong drive revolved mostly around the Congressman until I asked about Lana  who  I said  struck me as having become all grown up.
 In the rearview mirror  I saw Madame s face darken with barely repressed fury.
She s completely insane  Madame declared.
 We ve been trying to keep her insanity within the family  but now that she s strutting in public as a singer  Madame said the word as if it were communist there s nothing we can do.
Someone persuaded her that she had talent as a singer  and she took the compliment seriously.
 She is rather talented  I said.
 Don t start.
 Don t encourage her.
 Look at her.
 She looks like a slut.
 Is this what I raised her to be.
 What decent man would want to marry that.
 Would you  Captain.
 Our eyes met in the rearview mirror.
 No  Madame  I said  I wouldn t want to marry that  also the two-faced truth  for marriage was not the first thing on my mind when I saw her onstage.
 Of course not  she fumed.
 The worst thing about living in America is the corruption.
 At home  we could contain it in the bars and nightclubs and bases.
 But here  we will not be able to protect our children from the lewdness and the shallowness and the tawdriness Americans love so much.
 They re too permissive.
 No one even thinks twice of what they call dating.
 We all know that  date  is a euphemism.
 What parent not only allows their daughter to copulate in her teenage years  but willingly encourages it.
 It s shocking.
 It s an abnegation of moral responsibility.
Somehow  at lunch  the conversation turned exactly in this direction  allowing Madame to repeat her points to the Congressman and his wife  Rita  a refugee from Castro s revolution.
 She bore a passing resemblance to Rita Hayworth  with ten or fifteen years and pounds added to the movie star at her most glamorous period  circa Gilda.
 Castro  she said  in the way Madame said singer  is the devil.
 The only good thing about living with the devil  General and Madame  is that one knows evil and can recognize it.
 That is why I am happy you are here today  because we Cubans and Vietnamese are cousins in our shared cause against communism.
 These words sealed the bond between the Congressman and Rita and the General and Madame  who was comfortable enough that she eventually mentioned Lana to them while the mute housekeeper policed the empty dishes.
 Rita immediately sympathized.
 She was the domestic equivalent of her husband  an anticommunist warrior housewife to whom nothing was just an isolated incident but was almost always a symptom by which the disease of communism could be linked to poverty  depravity  atheism  and decay of many kinds.
 I won t allow rock music in this house  she said  gripping Madame s hand to console her for the loss of her daughter s virtue.
 None of my children will be allowed to date until eighteen and  so long as they live in this house  will have a curfew by ten.
 It s our weak spot  this freedom we allow people to behave any way they please  what with their drugs and their sex  as if those things aren t infectious.
Every system has its excesses that must be checked internally  the Congressman said.
 We let the hippies steal the meaning of the words  love  and  freedom   and we ve only just begun to fight back.
 That fight begins and ends in the home.
 Unlike his public persona  the Congressman in private was softspoken and measured in his tones  baronially assured as he sat at the head of the table  the General and Madame to either side.
 We control what our children read and listen to and watch  but it s a tough fight when they can just turn on the television or radio any time they want.
 We need the government to make sure Hollywood and the record labels don t go too far.
Aren t you the government.
 the General said.
Exactly.
 Which is why one of my priorities is legislation that regulates movies and music.
 This is not censorship  only advice with teeth.
 But you can bet the Hollywood and music types don t like me at all  until they meet me  that is  and see I m not some kind of ogre out to feast on their creations.
 I m just trying to help them refine their product.
 Now one thing that happened as a consequence of my work on the subcommittee is that I became friendly with some of the Hollywood people.
 I ll admit I had my prejudices about them  but some of them are actually smart and passionate guys  too.
 Smart and passionate that s what I care about.
 The rest  we negotiate.
 Anyway  one of them is making a movie about the war and wanted my advice.
 I m going to give him some notes on his script about what he got right and wrong.
 But the reason I mention it to you  General  is because the story s about the Phoenix Program  and I know you re an expert on that.
 Me  I left before that even got started.
 Maybe you can give some feedback.
 Otherwise who knows what kind of Hollywood story they re going to make.
This is why I have my captain  the General said  nodding toward me.
 He is  in effect  my cultural attaché.
 He would be more than happy to read the screenplay and offer his insight.
 When I asked the Congressman for the title  I was taken aback.
 Hamlet.
No  The Hamlet.
 The director s also the writer.
 Never served a day in the armed forces  just got fed John Wayne and Audie Murphy movies as a kid.
 The main character s a Green Beret who has to save a hamlet.
 I did serve two years on an A-Team in a number of hamlets  but nothing like this fantasyland he s cooked up.
I ll see what I can do  I said.
 I had lived in a northern hamlet only a few years as a young boy  before our flight south in  54  but lack of experience had never stopped me from trying anything.
 This was my mind-set when I approached Lana after her commanding performance  my intent to congratulate her on her new career.
 We stood in the restaurant s foyer  by an imposing photograph of the newlyweds displayed on an easel  and it was here that she studied me with the objective  unsentimental eye of an art appraiser.
 She smiled and said  I was wondering why you were keeping your distance from me  Captain.
 When I protested that I simply had not recognized her  she asked me if I liked what I saw.
 I don t look like the girl you knew  do I  Captain.
Some men preferred those innocent schoolgirls in their white ao dai  but not me.
 They belonged to some pastoral  pure vision of our culture from which I was excluded  as distant to me as the snowcapped peaks of my father s homeland.
No  I was impure  and impurity was all I wanted and all I deserved.
 You don t look like the girl I knew  I said.
 But you look exactly like the woman I imagined you would one day become.
 No one had ever said anything like this to her  and the unexpected nature of my remark made her falter for a moment before she recovered.
 I see I m not the only person who s changed since coming here  Captain.
 You re so much more .
 direct than you were when you lived with us.
I don t live with you any longer  I said.
 If Madame had not appeared at that moment  who knew where the conversation would have taken us then.
 Without a word to me  she seized Lana by the elbow and pulled her toward the ladies  room with a force that would not be denied.
 Although that was the last I saw of her for quite a while  she returned in my fantasies many times over the subsequent weeks.
 Regardless of what I wanted or deserved  she inevitably appeared in a white ao dai  her long black hair sometimes framing her face and sometimes obscuring it.
 In the nameless dream city where I encountered her  my shadow self wavered.
 Even in my somnambulent state I knew that white was not only the color of purity and innocence.
 It was also the sign of mourning and death.
We own the day  but CHARLIE owns the night.
 Never forget that.
 These are the words that blond twenty-one-year-old Sergeant JAY BELLAMY hears on his first day in the torrid tropics of  Nam from his new commanding officer  Captain WILL SHAMUS.
 Shamus was baptized in the blood of his own comrades on the beaches of Normandy  survived another near-death experience under a Chinese humanwave attack in Korea  then hauled himself up the ranks on a pulley oiled with Jack Daniel s.
 He knows he will not ascend any higher  not with his Bronx manners and his big  knobby knuckles over which no velvet gloves fit.
 This is a political war  he informs his acolyte  the words emanating from behind the smoke screen produced by a Cuban cigar.
 But all I know is a killing war.
 His task: save the prelapsarian Montagnards of a bucolic hamlet perched on the border of wild Laos.
 What s threatening them is the Viet Cong  and not just any Viet Cong.
 This is the baddest of the bad King Cong.
 King Cong will die for his country  which is more than can be said for most Americans.
 More important  King Cong will kill for his country  and nothing makes King Cong lick his lips like the ferric scent of the white man s blood.
 King Cong has stocked the dense jungle around the hamlet with veteran guerrillas  battlewizened men  and women  who have slaughtered Frenchmen from the Highlands to the Street Without Joy.
 What s more  King Cong has infiltrated the hamlet with subversives and sympathizers  friendly faces only masks for calculating wills.
 Standing against them are the hamlet s Popular Forces  a ragtag bunch of farmers and teenagers  Vietnam s own minutemen trained by the dozen Green Berets of the US Army Special Forces A-Team.
 This is enough  Sergeant Bellamy thinks  alone in his watchtower at midnight.
 He s dropped out of Harvard and run far from his St.
 Louis home  his millionaire daddy  and his fur-cloaked mother.
 This is enough  this stunningly beautiful jungle and these humble  simple people.
 This is where I  Jay Bellamy  make my first and maybe my last stand at THE HAMLET.
This  at any rate  was my interpretation of the screenplay mailed to me by the director s personal assistant  the thickish manila envelope arriving with my name misspelled in a beautifully cursive hand.
 That was the first whiff of trouble  the second being how the personal assistant  Violet  did not even bother to say hello or good-bye when she called for my mailing information and to arrange a meeting with the director in his Hollywood Hills home.
 When Violet opened the door  she continued with her bewildering manner of discourse in person.
 Glad to see you could make it  heard a lot about you  loved your notes on The Hamlet.
And that s precisely how she spoke  trimming pronouns and periods  as if punctuation and grammar were wasted on me.
 Then  without deigning to make eye contact  she inclined her head in a gesture of condescension and disdain  signaling me to enter.
Perhaps her abruptness was merely part of her personality  for she had the appearance of the worst kind of bureaucrat  the aspiring one  from blunt  square haircut to blunt  clean fingernails to blunt  efficient pumps.
 But perhaps it was me  still morally disoriented from the crapulent major s death  as well as the apparition of his severed head at the wedding banquet.
 The emotional residue of that night was like a drop of arsenic falling into the still waters of my soul  nothing having changed from the taste of it but everything now tainted.
perhaps that was why when I crossed over the threshold into the marble foyer  I instantly suspected that the cause of her behavior was my race.
 What she saw when she looked at me must have been my yellowness  my slightly smaller eyes  and the shadow cast by the ill fame of the Oriental s genitals  those supposedly minuscule privates disparaged on many a public restroom wall by semiliterates.
might have been just half an Asian  but in America it was all or nothing when it came to race.
 You were either white or you weren t.
 Funnily enough  I had never felt inferior because of my race during my foreign student days.
 I was foreign by definition and therefore was treated as a guest.
 But now  even though I was a card-carrying American with a driver s license  Social Security card  and resident alien permit  Violet still considered me as foreign  and this misrecognition punctured the smooth skin of my self-confidence.
 Was I just being paranoid  that all-American characteristic.
 Maybe Violet was stricken with colorblindness  the willful inability to distinguish between white and any other color  the only infirmity Americans wished for themselves.
 But as she advanced along the polished bamboo floors  steering clear of the dusky maid vacuuming a Turkish rug  I just knew it could not be so.
 The flawlessness of my English did not matter.
 Even if she could hear me  she still saw right through me  or perhaps saw someone else instead of me  her retinas burned with the images of all the castrati dreamed up by Hollywood to steal the place of real Asian men.
Here I speak of those cartoons named Fu Manchu  Charlie Chan  Number One Son  Hop Sing Hop Sing.
 and the bucktoothed  bespectacled Jap not so much played as mocked by Mickey Rooney in Breakfast at Tiffany s.
 The performance was so insulting it even deflated my fetish for Audrey Hepburn  understanding as I did her implicit endorsement of such loathsomeness.
By the time I sat down opposite the director in his office  I was seething from the memory of all these previous wounds  although I did not show it.
 On the one hand  I was sitting for a meeting with the famed Auteur  when once I was just another lovelorn movie fan passing Saturday afternoons in the cinematic bliss of matinee screenings from which I emerged  blinking and slightly shocked  into sunlight as bright as the fluorescent bulbs of a hospital birthing room.
 On the other hand  I was flummoxed by having read a screenplay whose greatest special effect was neither the blowing up of various things nor the evisceration of various bodies  but the achievement of narrating a movie about our country where not a single one of our countrymen had an intelligible word to say.
 Violet had scraped my already chafed ethnic sensitivity even further  but since it would not do to make my irritation evident  I forced myself to smile and do what I did best  remaining as unreadable as a paper package wrapped up with string.
The Auteur studied me  this extra who had crept into the middle of his perfect mise-en-scène.
 A golden Oscar statuette exhibited itself to the side of his telephone  serving as either a kingly scepter or a mace for braining impertinent screenwriters.
 A hirsute show of manliness ruffled along his forearms and from the collar of his shirt  reminding me of my own relative hairlessness  my chest  and stomach and buttocks  as streamlined and glabrous as a Ken doll.
 He was the hottest writer-director in town after the triumph of his last two films  beginning with Hard Knock  a critically lauded movie about the travails of Greek American youth in the inflamed streets of Detroit.
 It was loosely autobiographical  the Auteur having been born with an olive-tinged Greek surname he had bleached in typical Hollywood fashion.
 His most recent film declared that he had had enough with off-white ethnicity  exploring cocainewhite ethnicity instead.
 Venice Beach was about the failure of the American Dream  featuring a dipsomaniac reporter and his depressive wife writing competing versions of the Great American Novel.
 As the foolscap mounted endlessly  their money and their lives slowly drained away  leaving the audience with a last image of the couple s dilapidated cottage strangled by bougainvillea while beautifully lit by the sun setting beyond the Pacific.
 It was Didion crossed with Chandler as prophesied by Faulkner and shot by Welles.
 It was very good.
He had talent  no matter how much it might have pained me to say so.
Great to meet you  the Auteur began.
 Loved your notes.
 How about something to drink.
 Coffee  tea  water  soda  scotch.
 Never too early for scotch.
 Violet  some scotch.
 I said ice.
 No ice  then.
 Me too.
 Always neat for me.
 Look at my view.
 No  not at the gardener.
 José.
 José.
 Got to pound on the glass to get his attention.
 He s half deaf.
 José.
 Move.
 You re blocking the view.
 Good.
 See the view.
 I m talking about the Hollywood sign right there.
 Never get tired of it.
Like the Word of God just dropped down  plunked on the hills  and the Word was Hollywood.
 Didn t God say let there be light first.
 What s a movie but light.
Can t have a movie without light.
 And then words.
 Seeing that sign reminds me to write every morning.
 What.
 All right  so it doesn t say Hollywood.
 You got me.
 Good eye.
 Thing s falling to pieces.
 One O s half fallen and the other O s fallen altogether.
 The word s gone to shit.
 So what.
 You still get the meaning.
Thanks  Violet.
 Cheers.
 How do they say it in your country.
 I said how do they say it.
 Yo  yo  yo  is it.
 I like that.
 Easy to remember.
 Yo  yo  yo  then.
 And here s to the Congressman for sending you my way.
 You re the first Vietnamese I ve ever met.
 Not too many of you in Hollywood.
 Hell  none of you in Hollywood.
 And authenticity s important.
 Not that authenticity beats imagination.
 The story still comes first.
 The universality of the story has to be there.
 But it doesn t hurt to get the details right.
 I had a Green Beret who actually fought with the Montagnards vet the script.
 He found me.
 He had a screenplay.
Everyone has a screenplay.
 Can t write but he s a real American hero.
 Two tours of duty  killed VC with his bare hands.
 A Silver Star and a Purple Heart with oak leaf clusters.
 You should have seen the Polaroids he showed me.
 Made my stomach turn.
 Gave me some ideas  though  for how to shoot the movie.
 Hardly had any corrections to make.
 What do you think of that.
It took me a moment to realize he was asking me a question.
 I was disoriented  as if I were an English as a second language speaker listening to an equally foreign speaker from another country.
 That s great  I said.
You bet it s great.
 You  on the other hand.
 You wrote me another screenplay in the margins.
 You ever even read a screenplay before.
It took me another moment to realize there was another question.
 Like Violet  he had a problem with conventional punctuation.
 No  I didn t think so.
 So why do you think  But you didn t get the details right.
I didn t get the details right.
 Violet  hear that.
 I researched your country  my friend.
 I read Joseph Buttinger and Frances FitzGerald.
 Have you read Joseph Buttinger and Frances FitzGerald.
 He s the foremost historian on your little part of the world.
 And she won the Pulitzer Prize.
 She dissected your psychology.
think I know something about you people.
His aggressiveness flustered me  and my flustering  which I was not accustomed to  only flustered me further  which was my only explanation for my forthcoming behavior.
 You didn t even get the screams right  I said.
Excuse me.
I waited for an interjection until I realized he was just interrupting me with a question.
 All right  I said  my string starting to unravel.
 If I remember correctly  pages 26  42  58  77  91  103  and 118  basically all the places in the script where one of my people has a speaking part  he or she screams.
 No words  just screams.
 So you should at least get the screams right.
Screams are universal.
 Am I right  Violet.
You re right  she said from where she sat next to me.
 Screams are not universal  I said.
 If I took this telephone cord and wrapped it around your neck and pulled it tight until your eyes bugged out and your tongue turned black  Violet s scream would sound very different from the scream you would be trying to make.
 Those are two very different kinds of terror coming from a man and a woman.
 The man knows he is dying.
 The woman fears she is likely to die soon.
Their situations and their bodies produce a qualitatively different timbre to their voices.
 One must listen to them carefully to understand that while pain is universal  it is also utterly private.
 We cannot know whether our pain is like anybody else s pain until we talk about it.
 Once we do that  we speak and think in ways cultural and individual.
 In this country  for example  someone fleeing for his life will think he should call for the police.
 This is a reasonable way to cope with the threat of pain.
 But in my country  no one calls for the police  since it is often the police who inflict the pain.
 Am I right  Violet.
Violet mutely nodded her head.
So let me just point out that in your script  you have my people scream the following way: AIIIEEEEE.
 For example  when VILLAGER #3 is impaled by a Viet Cong punji trap  this is how he screams.
 Or when the LITTLE GIRL sacrifices her life to alert the Green Berets to the Viet Cong sneaking into the village  this is how she screams before her throat is cut.
 But having heard many of my countrymen screaming in pain  I can assure you this is not how they scream.
Would you like to hear how they scream.
His Adam s apple bobbed as he swallowed.
 Okay.
I stood up and leaned on the desk to look right into his eyes.
 But I didn t see him.
 What I saw was the face of the wiry Montagnard  an elder of the Bru minority who lived in an actual hamlet not far from the setting of this fiction.
Rumor had it he served as a liaison agent for the Viet Cong.
 I was on my first assignment as a lieutenant and could not figure out a way to save the man from my captain wrapping a strand of rusted barbed wire around his throat  the necklace tight enough so that each time he swallowed  the wire tickled his Adam s apple.
 That was not what made the old man scream  however.
 It was just the appetizer.
 In my mind  though  as I watched the scene  I screamed for him.
Here s what it sounds like  I said  reaching across the desk to pick up the Auteur s Montblanc fountain pen.
 I wrote onomatopoeically across the cover page of the screenplay in big black letters: AIEYAAHHH.
 Then I capped his pen  put it back on his leather writing pad  and said  That s how we scream in my country.
After I descended from the Auteur s home to the General s  thirty blocks distant and down the hills to the Hollywood flatlands  I reported my first experience with the motion picture industry to the General and Madame  both of whom were infuriated on my behalf.
 My meeting with the Auteur and Violet had gone on for a while longer  mostly in a more subdued fashion  with me pointing out that the lack of speaking parts for Vietnamese people in a movie set in Vietnam might be interpreted as cultural insensitivity.
 True  Violet interjected  but what it boils down to is who pays for the tickets and goes to the movies.
 Frankly  Vietnamese audiences aren t going to watch this movie  are they.
 I contained my outrage.
 Even so  I said  do you not think it would be a little more believable  a little more realistic  a little more authentic  for a movie set in a certain country for the people in that country to have something to say  instead of having your screenplay direct  as it does now  Cut to villagers speaking in their own language.
 Do you think it might not be decent to let them actually say something instead of simply acknowledging that there is some kind of sound coming from their mouths.
 Could you not even just have them speak a heavily accented English you know what I mean  ching-chong English just to pretend they are speaking in an Asian language that somehow American audiences can strangely understand.
 And don t you think it would be more compelling if your Green Beret had a love interest.
 Do these men only love and die for each other.
That is the implication without a woman in the midst.
The Auteur grimaced and said  Very interesting.
 Great stuff.
 Loved it  but I had a question.
 What was it.
 Oh  yes.
 How many movies have you made.
 None.
Isn t that right.
 None  zero  zilch  nada  nothing  and however you say it in your language.
 So thank you for telling me how to do my job.
 Now get the hell out of my house and come back after you ve made a movie or two.
 Maybe then I ll listen to one or two of your cheap ideas.
Why was he so rude.
 Madame said.
 Didn t he ask you to give him some comments.
He was looking for a yes man.
 He thought I d give him a rubber stamp of approval.
He thought you were going to fawn over him.
When I didn t do it  he was hurt.
 He s an artist  he s got thin skin.
So much for your career in Hollywood  the General said.
I don t want a career in Hollywood  I said  which was true only to the extent that Hollywood did not want me.
 I confess to being angry with the Auteur  but was I wrong in being angry.
 This was especially the case when he acknowledged he did not even know that Montagnard was simply a French catchall term for the dozens of Highland minorities.
 What if  I said to him  I wrote a screenplay about the American West and simply called all the natives Indians.
 You d want to know whether the cavalry was fighting the Navajo or Apache or Comanche  right.
 Likewise  I would want to know  when you say these people are Montagnards  whether we speak of the Bru or the Nung or the Tay.
Let me tell you a secret  the Auteur said.
 You ready.
 Here it is.
 No one gives a shit.
He was amused by my wordlessness.
 To see me without words is like seeing one of those Egyptian felines without hair  a rare and not necessarily desirable occasion.
 Only later  driving away from his house  could I laugh bitterly about how he had bludgeoned me into silence with my own weapon of choice.
 How could I be so dense.
 How could I be so deluded.
 Ever the industrious student  I had read the screenplay in a few hours and then reread and written notes for several more hours  all under the misguided idea my work mattered.
 I naively believed that I could divert the Hollywood organism from its goal  the simultaneous lobotomization and pickpocketing of the world s audiences.
 The ancillary benefit was strip-mining history  leaving the real history in the tunnels along with the dead  doling out tiny sparkling diamonds for audiences to gasp over.
 Hollywood did not just make horror movie monsters  it was its own horror movie monster  smashing me under its foot.
 I had failed and the Auteur would make The Hamlet as he intended  with my countrymen serving merely as raw material for an epic about white men saving good yellow people from bad yellow people.
 I pitied the French for their naïveté in believing they had to visit a country in order to exploit it.
 Hollywood was much more efficient  imagining the countries it wanted to exploit.
 I was maddened by my helplessness before the Auteur s imagination and machinations.
 His arrogance marked something new in the world  for this was the first war where the losers would write history instead of the victors  courtesy of the most efficient propaganda machine ever created  with all due respect to Joseph Goebbels and the Nazis  who never achieved global domination .
 Hollywood s high priests understood innately the observation of Milton s Satan  that it was better to rule in Hell than serve in Heaven  better to be a villain  loser  or antihero than virtuous extra  so long as one commanded the bright lights of center stage.
 In this forthcoming Hollywood trompe l oeil  all the Vietnamese of any side would come out poorly  herded into the roles of the poor  the innocent  the evil  or the corrupt.
 Our fate was not to be merely mute; we were to be struck dumb.
Have some pho  Madame said.
 It will make you feel better.
She had been cooking and the house smelled of sentiment  a rich aroma of beef broth and star anise I can only describe as the bouquet of love and tenderness  all the more striking because Madame had never cooked before coming to this country.
 For women of Madame s rarefied class  cooking was one of those functions contracted out to other women  along with cleaning  nursing  teaching  sewing  and so on  everything except for the bare biological necessities  which I could not imagine Madame performing  except  perhaps  for breathing.
 But the exigencies of exile had made it necessary for Madame to cook  as no one else in the household was capable of anything more than boiling water.
 In the General s case  even that was beyond him.
 He could fieldstrip and reassemble an M16 blindfolded  but a gas stove was as perplexing as a calculus equation  or at least he pretended so.
 Like most of us Vietnamese men  he simply did not want to be even brushed with domesticity.
 The only domestic things he did were sleep and eat  both of which he was better at than me.
 He finished his pho a good five minutes before I did  although my slow speed of consumption was not due to lack of will but because Madame s pho had dissolved me and transported me back in time to my mother s household  where she concocted the broth from the gray beef bones given by my father from his leftovers.
 Usually we ate the pho without the thin slices of beef that were its protein  we being too poor to afford the meat itself  except for those rare occasions when my suffering mother scraped together enough wherewithal.
 But poor as she was  my mother brewed the most wonderfully aromatic soup  and I helped her by charring the ginger and onion that would be plunked into the iron pot for flavor.
 It was also my task to skim the scum that boiled to the top of the broth as the bones simmered  leaving the broth clear and rich.
 As the bones continued to simmer for hours  I tortured myself by doing my homework by the pot  the aroma taunting and tantalizing.
 Madame s pho harkened back to the warmth of my mother s kitchen  which was probably not as warm as it was in my memories  but never mind I had to stop periodically to savor not only my soup but the marrow of my memories.
Delicious  I said.
 I haven t had this in years.
Isn t it amazing.
 I never suspected she had this talent.
You should open a restaurant  I said.
The way you talk.
 She was clearly pleased.
Have you seen this.
 The General pulled a newspaper from the stack on the kitchen countertop  the latest edition of Sonny s biweekly paper.
 I had not seen it yet.
 What disturbed the General was Sonny s article on the major s funeral  now a few weeks past  and the coverage of the wedding.
 On the major s demise  Sonny wrote that  the police call this a robbery-homicide  but are we sure an officer of the secret police was without enemies who might want him dead.
And in regards to the wedding  Sonny summarized the speeches and concluded by observing that  perhaps it is time for the talk of war to cease.
 Isn t the war over.
He s doing what he s supposed to be doing  I said  even though I knew that he had gone too far.
 But I agree he may be a little naive.
Is it naïveté.
 That s a generous reading.
 He s supposed to be a reporter.
 That means to report the facts  not to make things up or interpret them or put ideas in people s heads.
He isn t wrong about the major  is he.
Whose side are you on.
 Madame said  completely shedding the role of cook.
Reporters need editors and editors need beatings.
 That s the best newspaper policy.
 The problem with Son is that he is his own editor and he goes unchecked.
You re absolutely right  Madame.
 The Auteur s punch had unnerved me  knocked me out of character.
 Too much freedom of the press is unhealthy for a democracy  I declared.
 While I did not believe this  my character  the good captain  did  and as the actor playing this role I had to sympathize with this man.
But most actors spent more time with their masks off than on  whereas in my case it was the reverse.
 No surprise  then  that sometimes I dreamed of trying to pull a mask off my face  only to realize that the mask was my face.
 Now  with the face of the captain readjusted for a proper fit  I said  The citizenry can t sift out what is useful and good if there s too much opinion circulating.
No more than two opinions or ideas on any one issue should be out there  the General said.
 Look at the voting system.
 Same concept.
 We had multiple parties and candidates and look at the mess we had.
 Here you choose the left hand or the right and that s more than enough.
 Two choices and look at all the drama with every presidential election.
 Even two choices may be one too many.
 One choice is enough  and no choice may be even better.
 Less is more  isn t it.
 You know the man  Captain.
 He ll listen to you.
 Remind him of how we did things back home.
 Even though we re here  we still need to remember the ways we did things.
In the good old days  Sonny would already be sweating in a holding cell.
 Out loud  I said  Speaking of the old days  sir  are we making any progress on winning them back again.
Progress is being made  the General said  leaning back in his chair.
 We have friends and allies in Claude and the Congressman  and they tell me they are not alone.
 But it s a difficult time for getting support publicly  since the American people don t want to fight another war.
 So we have to assemble ourselves slowly.
We need a network here and there  I suggested.
I have a list of the officers for our first meeting.
 I ve talked to all of them in person and they are dying for the chance to fight.
 There s nothing for them here.
The only chance for them to regain their honor and be men again is to reclaim our country.
We ll need more than a vanguard.
Vanguard.
 Madame said.
 That s communist talk.
Maybe so.
 But the communists won  Madame.
 They weren t just lucky.
Perhaps we should learn from some of their strategies.
 A vanguard can lead the rest of the people toward where it is they don t even know they want to go but should go.
He s right  the General said.
The vanguard works clandestinely but sometimes shows the public a different face.
 Voluntary organizations and the like become the fronts for the vanguard.
Exactly  the General said.
 Look at Son.
 We need to make his newspaper one of those front organizations.
 And we need a youth group  a women s group  even an intellectuals  group.
We also need cells.
 Parts of the organization need to be secluded from one another so that if one cell is lost  others can survive.
 This is one cell right here.
Then there are the cells Claude and the Congressman are involved in  which I know nothing about.
In due time  Captain.
 One step at a time.
 The Congressman is working on certain contacts to clear the way for us to send men to Thailand.
That will be the staging area.
Exactly.
 A return by sea is too difficult.
 We have to go overland back into the country.
 Meanwhile  Claude is finding us money.
 Money can get us the rest of what we need.
 We can get the men  but they will need weapons  training  a place to train.
 They ll need transport to Thailand.
 We must think like communists  as you say.
 We must plan far ahead for decades.
 We must live and work underground  as they did.
At least we re already acquainted with darkness.
We are  aren t we.
 We had no choice.
 We have never had a choice  not really  not when it matters.
 Communism forced us to do everything we have done to oppose it.
 History has moved us.
 We have no choice but to fight  to resist evil and to resist being forgotten.
 This is why and here the General picked up Sonny s newspaper even talking about the war being over is dangerous.
must not allow our people to grow complacent.
And neither must we let them forget their resentment  I added.
 That s where newspapers can play a role  on the culture front.
But only if the journalists do their work as they should.
 The General tossed the newspaper back on the table.
  Resentment.
  That s a good word.
 Always resent  never relent.
 Perhaps that should be our motto.
There s a ring to it  I said.
Much to my surprise  Violet called me the next week.
 I don t believe we have anything to talk about  I said.
 He reconsidered your advice  she said.
 I noticed that she actually used complete sentences with me this time.
 He s tempestuous and doesn t take criticism well  as he s the first to admit.
 But after he cooled down  he thought there were some usable ideas in your notes.
 More than that  he respects you for standing up to him.
 Not too many people are willing to do that  which makes you an ideal candidate for what I m proposing.
 We need a consultant who can get things right when it comes to Vietnamese matters.
 We ve already researched the history  the costumes  the weapons  the customs  anything we could find in a book.
 But we ll need that human touch you can provide.
There are refugees from Vietnam in the Philippines who we ll be using as extras  and we need someone to work with them.
From far away floated the susurrus of my mother s voice: Remember  you re not half of anything  you re twice of everything.
 Despite all the disadvantages of my poor  muddled heritage  my mother s endless encouragement and fierce belief in me meant that I never backed down from challenge or opportunity.
Their offer was four months of paid vacation in a tropical paradise  six months if the shoot went over schedule  and perhaps not so much a paradise if the local rebels got a little too overconfident  and perhaps not so much of a vacation as a working jaunt  and perhaps not so much paid as underpaid  but the upshot was that I needed a respite from my American refuge.
 Remorse over the crapulent major s death was ringing me up a few times a day  tenacious as a debt collector.
Also always there at the crowded back of my mind  front and center in the Catholic chorus of my guilt  stood the major s widow.
 I had given her only fifty dollars at the funeral  which was all I could afford.
 Even underpaid  I would be able to save money  given how my room and board would be included  and from this provide some support for the major s wife and children.
They were innocents to whom wrong had been done  as I had once been an innocent child to whom wrong was done.
 And not by strangers  but by my own family  my aunts who had not wanted me to play with my cousins at family gatherings and who shooed me away from the kitchen when there were treats.
associated my blood aunts with the scars they inflicted on me during the New Year  the time all other children remember with such fondness.
 What was the first New Year I could remember.
 Perhaps the one when I was five or six.
huddled with the other children  solemn and nervous  facing the prospect of approaching each adult and making a little speech wishing him or her health and happiness.
 But although I forgot not a word  and did not stumble like most of my cousins  and radiated sincerity and charm  Aunt Two did not grace me with a red envelope.
 The entire maternal family tree was watching me  on its gnarled branches my mother s parents  her nine siblings  my three dozen cousins.
 I do not have enough  this wicked witch said  towering above me.
 I am one short.
stood immobilized  my arms still folded respectfully across my chest  waiting for a magical envelope or an apology to appear  but nothing more was forthcoming until  after what seemed to be several minutes  my mother laid her hand on my shoulder and said  Thank your aunt for her kindness in teaching you a lesson.
Only later  at home  on the wooden bed we shared  did Mama weep.
 It did not matter that my other aunts and uncles gave me red envelopes  although when I compared mine with my cousins   I discovered that my sums of lucky money were but half theirs.
 That s because you re half-blooded  said one calculating cousin.
 You re a bastard.
 When I asked Mama what a bastard was  her face inflamed.
 If I could  she said  I d strangle him with my bare hands.
 Never in my life has there been a day when I learned so much about myself  the world  and its inhabitants.
 One must be grateful for one s education no matter how it arrives.
So I was grateful  in a way  for my aunt and my cousin  whose lessons I remember much more than many nobler things that passed before me in school.
Oh  they ll see.
 my mother wept  squeezing me with such force I was nearly breathless  my face pressed against one comforting breast while my hand squeezed its plush other.
 Radiating through thin cotton fabric was the hot  rich muskiness of a young woman s body after a humid day spent mostly on feet or haunches  preparing food and serving.
 They ll see.
 You ll work harder than all of them  you ll study more than all of them  you ll know more than all of them  you ll be better than all of them.
 Promise your mother you will.
 And I promised.
I have shared this story with only two people  Man and Bon  censoring just the part about my mother s breasts.
 This was at the lycée  at separate moments of intimacy in our early adolescence.
 When Bon heard it  we were fishing in the river  and he flung down his rod in fury.
 If I ever meet this cousin  he said  I ll beat him until half his blood is coming out of his head.
 Man was more measured.
Even at that age  he was calm  analytical  and precociously dialectical-materialist in his attitude.
 He had treated me to sugarcane juice after school  and we were sitting on a curb  little plastic sacks in hand  sipping through straws.
 The red envelope is a symbol  he said  of all that s wrong.
 It s the color of blood  and they singled you out for your blood.
 It s the color of fortune and luck.
 Those are primitive beliefs.
 We don t succeed or fail because of fortune or luck.
succeed because we understand the way the world works and what we have to do.
 We fail because others understand this better than we do.
 They take advantage of things  like your cousins  and they don t question things.
 As long as things work for them  then they support those things.
 But you see the lie beneath those things because you never got to take part.
 You see a different shade of red than them.
 Red is not good luck.
 Red is not fortune.
 Red is revolution.
 All of a sudden I  too  saw red  and in that throbbing vision the world began to make sense to me  how so many degrees of meaning existed in a single color  the tone so potent it must be applied sparingly.
 If one ever sees something written in red  one knows trouble and change lie ahead.
My letters to my aunt  then  were not written in such an alarming shade  even if the cipher I used to code my sub rosa reports disturbed me.
 Here was one representative example of Richard Hedd s highly esteemed Asian Communism and the Oriental Mode of Destruction: The Vietnamese peasant will not object to the use of airpower  for he is apolitical  interested only in feeding himself and his family.
 Bombing his village will of course upset him  but the cost is outweighed ultimately by how airpower will persuade him that he is on the wrong side if he chooses communism  which cannot protect him.
 126  From these kinds of insights  I reported on my decision to take the Auteur s offer  a job I characterized as undermining the enemy s propaganda.
 I also coded the names of the officers in the General s vanguard.
 Just in case my letter would be read by any eyes other than those of Man s aunt  I kept my tone upbeat about life in Los Angeles.
 Perhaps unknown censors were reading refugee mail  looking for dejected  angry refugees who could not or would not dream the American Dream.
 I was careful  then  to present myself as just another immigrant  glad to be in the land where the pursuit of happiness was guaranteed in writing  which  when one comes to think about it  is not such a great deal.
Now a guarantee of happiness that s a great deal.
 But a guarantee to be allowed to pursue the jackpot of happiness.
 Merely an opportunity to buy a lottery ticket.
 Someone would surely win millions  but millions would surely pay for it.
It was in the name of happiness  I told my aunt  that I helped the General toward the next step in his plan  the creation of a nonprofit charitable organization that could receive tax-deductible donations  the Benevolent Fraternity of Former Soldiers of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam.
 In one reality  the Fraternity served the needs of thousands of veterans who were now men without an army  a country  and an identity.
 It existed  in short  to increase their meager measure of happiness.
 In another reality  this Fraternity was a front that allowed the General to receive funds for the Movement from whoever wished to donate  which was not primarily the Vietnamese community.
 Its refugee members were hobbled by their structural function in the American Dream  which was to be so unhappy as to make other Americans grateful for their happiness.
 Instead of these refugees  broke and broken  the main donors were to be magnanimous individuals and charitable foundations interested in boosting America s old friends.
 The Congressman had mentioned his charitable foundation to the General and me at a meeting at his district office  where we presented him the idea for the Fraternity and asked if Congress might help our organization in some way.
 His district office was a modest outpost in a Huntington Beach strip mall  a two-story arrangement of shops on a major intersection.
 Drenched in café au lait stucco  the mall was bordered by an example of America s most unique architectural contribution to the world  a parking lot.
 Some bemoan the brutalism of socialist architecture  but was the blandness of capitalist architecture any better.
 One could drive for miles along a boulevard and see nothing but parking lots and the kudzu of strip malls catering to every need  from pet shops to water dispensaries to ethnic restaurants and every other imaginable category of mom-and-pop small business  each one an advertisement for the pursuit of happiness.
 As a sign of his humility and closeness to the people  the Congressman had chosen such a strip mall for his headquarters  and in the windows were plastered white campaign signs with CONGRESSMAN in red and his name in blue  as well as his last campaign slogan: ALWAYS TRUE.
An American flag decorated one wall of the Congressman s office.
another wall hung photos of him posing with various tuxedoed luminaries of his Republican Party: Ronald Reagan  Gerald Ford  Richard Nixon  John Wayne  Bob Hope  and even Richard Hedd  whom I recognized immediately from his author photograph.
 The Congressman offered us cigarettes and we partook for a while  canceling the side effects of the smoke by simultaneously inhaling good cheer  the healthy air of pleasantries concerning wives  children  and favorite sports teams.
 We also spent some time discussing my forthcoming adventure in the Philippines  which the Madame and General had both approved.
 What was that line from Marx.
 the General said  stroking his chin thoughtfully as he prepared to quote my notes about Marx.
 Oh  yes.
  They cannot represent themselves; they must be represented.
  Isn t that what s happening here.
 Marx refers to peasants but he may as well refer to us.
 We cannot represent ourselves.
Hollywood represents us.
 So we must do what we can to ensure that we are represented well.
I see where this is going  the Congressman said with a grin.
 He rubbed out his cigarette  leaned his elbows on his desk  and said: So what can this representative do for you.
 After the General explained the Fraternity and its functions  the Congressman said  Great idea  but Congress isn t touching that.
No one even wants to say the name of your country right now.
Understood  Congressman  the General said.
 We do not need the official support of the American people  and we understand why they would not be enthused.
But their unofficial support is another matter altogether  I said.
Go on.
Even if Congress will not send money our way  there s no preventing civically minded people or organizations  for example charitable foundations  from helping the cause of our traumatized and needy veterans.
 They ve defended freedom and stood shoulder-to-shoulder with the American soldier  sometimes giving blood and sometimes giving limbs.
You ve been talking to Claude.
It s true Claude planted certain ideas in my head.
 During our Saigon days  he mentioned that it was routine for the CIA to fund various activities.
 Not in its name  as that might be illegal or at least quite questionable  but through front organizations controlled by its agents and sympathizers  oftentimes respectable people of varied careers.
And the lucky recipients of such money were themselves often front organizations.
Indeed  with all these front organizations professing to help the poor  or feed the hungry  or spread democracy  or aid downtrodden women  or train artists  it can sometimes be difficult to know who does what and for whom.
Let me play devil s advocate.
 There are many good causes to which I  for example  might donate.
 But to be frank  there is only so much money that I  for example  might have.
 Inevitably  self-interest comes into play.
Self-interest is good.
 It s an instinct that keeps us alive.
 It s also very patriotic.
Absolutely.
 So: What is my self-interest in this organization of yours.
I looked at the General.
 It was on his lips  one of two magical words.
 If we possessed the things these words named  we would propel ourselves to the front rank of American citizens  able to access all the glittering treasures of American society.
 Unfortunately  we had only a tentative grasp on one.
 The word that identified what we did not possess was  money   of which the General might have enough for his own use  but certainly not for a counterrevolution.
 The other word was  votes   so that together  money votes  was  open sesame  to the deep caverns of the American political system.
 But even when just one-half of that magical combination floated from my aspiring Ali Baba s lips  the Congressman s eyebrows rippled ever so faintly.
 Think of our community as an investment  Congressman.
 A long-term investment.
 Think of us as a small  sleeping child who has not yet awaken and grown.
 It is true this child cannot vote.
 This child is not a citizen.
 But one day this child will be a citizen.
 One day this child s children will be born as citizens  and they must vote for somebody.
That somebody might as well be you.
As you can see when I attended the wedding  General  I already value your community.
With words  I said.
 With all due respect  Congressman  words are free.
 Money is not.
 Isn t it funny that in a society that values freedom above all things  things that are free are not valued.
 So please permit me to be blunt.
 Our community appreciates your words  but in the process of becoming American it has learned the expression  money talks.
  And if voting is our best way of participating in American politics  we must vote for those who deliver the money.
 This would hopefully be you  but of course the beauty of American politics is that we have a choice  do we not.
But even if I  for example  give your organization money  the irony is that I myself need money in order to run for election and to pay my staff.
 In other words  money talks both ways.
That is indeed a tricky situation.
 But what you are speaking of is official money that must be accounted for to the government.
 What we are speaking of is unofficial money that circulates to us  which returns to you in all officialness as votes delivered by the General.
That is correct  the General said.
 If my country has prepared me for one thing  it s dealing with what my young friend describes so imaginatively as unofficial money.
Our performance entertained the Congressman  we the two little ingenious monkeys and he the organ-grinder  watching us hop and beg to a score not our own.
 We were well trained in this show from our previous exposure to Americans in our homeland  where the plays were all about unofficial money  i.
  corruption.
 Corruption was like the elephant in Indian lore  myself one of the blind wise men who could feel and describe only one part of it.
 It is not what one sees or feels that is confusing  it is what one does not see and does not feel  such as that part of the scheme we had just laid before the Congressman that was out of our control.
 This was the part where he found ways to funnel unofficial money to us via official channels  that is to say  foundations that had on their boards of trustees the Congressman  or his friends  or the friends of Claude.
These foundations were  in short  fronts themselves for the CIA and perhaps even other  more enigmatic governmental or nongovernmental organizations I did not know of  just as the Fraternity was a front for the Movement.
 This the Congressman knew full well when he said  I just hope this organization of yours doesn t engage in anything illegal when it comes to its patriotic activities.
course he meant that we should engage in illegal activities  so long as he did not know about them.
 The unseen is almost always underlined with the unsaid.
Three months later I was en route to the Philippines  my rucksack in the overhead luggage bin  in my lap a copy of Fodor s Southeast Asia  a tome as thick as War and Peace.
 It said this about traveling to Asia: Why go east.
 The East has always woven a spell to enchant the West.
 Asia is vast and teeming and infinitely complex  an inexhaustible source of riches and wonder .
 Asia still holds  for the mind of the West  the lure  the challenge  the spell  and the rewards that have drawn generation after generation of Westerners from their snug  familiar lives into a world utterly different from everything they have known  thought  and believed.
 For Asia is half the world  the other half .
 The East may well be strange  but it doesn t have to be frustrating.
 Once you have actually been there you may still find it mysterious  but that s what will make it really interesting.
Everything my guidebook said was true and also meaningless.
 Yes  the East was vast  teeming  and infinitely complex  but wasn t the West also.
 Pointing out that the East was an inexhaustible source of riches and wonder only implied that it was peculiarly the case  and not so for the West.
 The Westerner  of course  took his riches and wonder for granted  just as I had never noticed the enchantment of the East or its mystery.
 If anything  it was the West that was often mysterious  frustrating  and really interesting  a world utterly different from everything I had known before I began my education.
 As with the Westerner  the Easterner was never so bored as he was when on his own shores.
Flipping the pages to the countries that concerned me  I was not surprised to see our country described as  the most devastated land.
  I  too  would not recommend going there for the casual tourist  as the book proscribed  but I was rather insulted to read the description of our neighboring Cambodians as  easygoing  sensuous  friendly  and emotional .
 Cambodia is not only one of the most charming countries in Asia  it is one of the most fascinating.
  Surely that could also be said about my homeland  or most homelands with spa-like atmospheric conditions.
 But what did I know.
 I had only lived there  and people who live in a given place may have difficulty seeing its charms as well as its faults  both of which are easily available to the tourist s freshly peeled eyes.
 One could choose between innocence and experience  but one could not have both.
At least in the Philippines I would be a tourist  and since the Philippines was east of our homeland  perhaps I would find it infinitely complex.
 The book s description of the archipelago only made my mind salivate further  for it was  old and new  East and West.
 It s changing by the day  but traditions persist   a description that might have been written to describe me.
Indeed  I felt at home the instant I stepped from the air-conditioned chamber of the airplane into the humidity-clogged Jetway.
 The spectacle of the constabulary in the terminal with automatic weapons slung on their shoulders also made me homesick  confirming I was again in a country with its malnourished neck under a dictator s loafer.
 Further evidence was found in the local newspaper  which had a few inches buried in the middle about the recent unsolved murders of political dissidents  their bullet-riddled bodies dumped in the streets.
 In a puzzling situation such as this  all riddles lead to one riddler  the dictator.
 This state of martial law was underwritten once more by Uncle Sam  who was supporting the tyrant Marcos in his efforts to stamp out not only a communist insurgency but also a Muslim one.
 That support included genuine made-in-the-USA planes  tanks  helicopters  artillery  armored personnel carriers  guns  ammunition  and kit  just as was the case for our homeland  although on a much smaller scale.
 Toss in a heap of jungle flora and fauna and some teeming masses and all in all the Philippines made a nice substitute for Vietnam itself  which is why the Auteur had chosen it.
The base camp was in a provincial city of the northern Luzon Cordillera  which played the role of the mountainous Annamese Cordillera that separated Vietnam and Laos.
 My hotel room s amenities included a stream of water that did not so much run as jog  a flush toilet that gave a depressive sigh every time I pulled its chain  a wheezy air conditioner  and an on-call prostitute  or so said the bellboy on first showing me my room.
 I declined  conscious of myself as a privileged semi-Westerner in an impoverished country.
 After tipping him  I laid down on the slightly damp sheets  which also reminded me of home  where the humidity soaked into everything.
 The workmates I met later that night in the hotel bar were less thrilled about the weather  none of them having ever been mugged by the full-force humidity of a tropical climate.
 It s like getting licked from throat to balls by my dog every time I go outside  the unhappy production designer groaned.
 He was from Minnesota.
 His name was Harry.
 He was hairy.
While the Auteur and Violet would not yet arrive for another week  Harry and his all-male production crew had already been sweating in the Philippines for months  building the sets  preparing the wardrobe  sampling the massage parlors  and being waylaid by various illnesses of gut and crotch.
 Harry showed me the main set the next morning  a complete reproduction of a Central Highlands hamlet down to the outhouse mounted on a platform above a fishpond.
 A stack of banana leaves and some old newsprint constituted the toilet paper.
 Peering through the round porthole of the toilet seat  we could see directly into the deceptively calm waters of the fishpond  which  Harry proudly pointed out  was stocked with a variety of whiskered catfish closely related to the ones of the Mekong Delta.
 Really ingenious  he said.
 He had a Minnesotan s admiration for resourcefulness in the face of hardship  bred by generations of people one very bad winter away from starvation and cannibalism.
 I hear there s a real feeding frenzy when someone s taking a poop.
I had sat on exactly such a splintery toilet seat throughout my childhood  and remembered very well the catfish jockeying for the best seat at the dining table when I assumed the position.
 The sight of an authentic outhouse stirred neither any sentimental feelings in me nor any admiration for my people s environmental consciousness.
 I preferred a flush toilet with a smooth porcelain seat and a newspaper on my lap as reading matter  not between my legs.
 The paper with which the West wiped itself was softer than the paper with which the rest of the world blew its nose  although this was only a metaphorical comparison.
 The rest of the world would have been stunned at the luxurious idea of even using paper to blow one s nose.
 Paper was for writing things like this confession  not for mopping up excretions.
 But those strange  mysterious Westerners had exotic ways and wonders  symbolized in Kleenex and doubleply toilet paper.
 If longing for these riches made me an Occidentalist  I confess to it.
 I had no desire for the authenticity of my village life with my spiteful cousins and my ungracious aunts  or the rustic realities of being bit on one s behind by a malarial mosquito when visiting the loo  which might be the case for some of the Vietnamese extras.
 Harry was planning to make them use this toilet in order to nourish the catfish  while the crew would bask in a battery of chemical toilets on dry land.
 So far as I was concerned  I was one of the crew  and when Harry invited me to be the first to bless the latrine  I regretfully declined  softening my rejection with a joke.
You know how we can tell that catfish sold in the markets come from ponds like this.
How so.
 said Harry  ready to take mental notes.
They re cross-eyed from looking up at assholes all the time.
Good one.
 Harry laughed and slapped my arm.
 Come on  let me show you the temple.
 It s really beautiful.
 I m going to hate it when the special effects guys blow it up.
Harry may have loved the temple the most  but for me the pièce de résistance was the cemetery.
 I saw it for the first time that night and returned to it several nights later  after a field trip to the refugee camp at Bataan  where I recruited a hundred Vietnamese extras.
 The trip had left me dispirited  encountering as I did thousands of ragged fellow countrymen who had fled from our homeland.
 I had seen refugees before  Commandant  the war having rendered millions of the southern people homeless within their own country  but this mess of humanity was a new kind of species.
 It was so unique the Western media had given it a new name  the boat people  an epithet one might think referred to a newly discovered tribe of the Amazon River or a mysterious  extinguished prehistoric population whose only surviving trace was their watercraft.
 Depending on one s point of view  these boat people were either runaways from home or orphaned by their country.
 In either case  they looked bad and smelled a little worse: hair mangy  skin crusty  lips chapped  various glands swollen  collectively reeking like a fishing trawler manned by landlubbers with unsteady digestive tracts.
They were too hungry to turn up their noses at the wages I was mandated to offer  a dollar a day  their desperation measured by the fact that not one let me repeat  not one haggled for a better wage.
 I had never imagined the day when one of my countrymen would not haggle  but these boat people clearly understood that the law of supply and demand was not on their side.
 What truly brought my spirits down  however  was when I asked one of the extras  a lawyer of aristocratic appearance  if the conditions in our homeland were as bad as rumored.
 Let s put it this way  she said.
 Before the communists won  foreigners were victimizing and terrorizing and humiliating us.
 Now it s our own people victimizing and terrorizing and humiliating us.
 I suppose that s improvement.
I trembled at hearing her words.
 For a few days my conscience had been purring smoothly  the crapulent major s death seemingly behind me in the rear view of my memory  a smear on the blacktop of my past  but now it was hiccuping again.
 What was happening at home  and what was I doing here.
 I had to remind myself of Ms.
 Mori s parting words.
 When I told her I was taking the job  she had cooked me a farewell dinner where I almost gave in to the sneaky suspicion that perhaps I really did love her  even if I did have feelings for Lana  too.
 But as if anticipating such weakness on my part  Ms.
 Mori preemptively reminded me of our commitment to free love.
 Don t feel obligated to me  she said over the orange sorbet.
 You can do whatever you want.
 Of course  I said  a little saddened.
 I could not have it both ways  free love and bourgeois love  no matter if I wanted to.
 Or could I.
 Society of any kind was well stocked with satin bilinguals who said and did one thing in public while saying and doing another in private.
 But Ms.
 Mori was not one of those people  and in the darkness of her bedroom  clinging to each other in the aftermath of our exercise in free love  she said  You have it in you to do something wonderful with this movie.
 I have confidence in you that you can make it better than it could be.
 You can help shape how Asians look in the movies.
 That s no small thing.
Thank you  Ms.
 Mori.
Sofia  goddammit.
Could I really make any difference.
 What would Man or Ms.
 Mori think  knowing that I was little more  perhaps  than a collaborator  helping to exploit my fellow countrymen and refugees.
 The sight of their sad  confused faces had undermined my confidence  reminding me of the ligaments of sentimentality and sympathy that twined my tougher  more revolutionary parts together.
 I even came down with the hot fever of homesickness  and so it was that when I returned to the base camp  I sought comfort in the hamlet that Harry had created.
The dusty lanes  the thatched roofs  the earthen floors of the cottages and their simple bamboo furniture  the piggeries with real pigs already snorting softly in the night  the warble of the innocent chickens  the soupy air  the bite of the mosquitoes  the plop of my unsuspecting foot into a mushy cake of buffalo dung  all of it left me dizzy with the vertigo of sadness and longing.
 Only one thing was missing from the hamlet and that was the people  the most important of which was my mother.
 She had died during my junior year in college  when she was just thirty-four.
 For the first and only time  my father wrote me a letter  brief and to the point: Your mother has passed away of tuberculosis  poor thing.
 She is buried in the cemetery under a real headstone.
 A real headstone.
 He had noted it to say in his own way that he had paid for it  since my mother did not have the savings to afford any such thing.
 I read his letter twice in numb disbelief before the pain struck  the hot lead of sorrow pouring into the mold of my body.
 She had been sick  but not this sick  unless she had been hiding the real state of her condition from me.
 We had seen so little of each other over the past few years  what with me hundreds of miles away at the lycée in Saigon and then thousands of miles abroad.
 The last time I saw her was the month before I left for the States  when I returned to say good-bye for four years.
 I would have no money to return for Tet  or for the summer  or at all until I finished my degree  my scholarship paying for only one round-trip ticket.
 She smiled bravely and called me her petit écolier  after the chocolate-covered biscuits I loved so much as a child and which my father blessed me with once per year on Christmas.
 Her parting gifts to me were a box of those imported biscuits a fortune for a woman who had only nibbled on the corner of one once and saved the rest for me each Christmas as well as a notebook and a pen.
 She was barely literate and read out loud  and she wrote with a cramped  shy hand.
 By the time I was ten  I wrote everything for her.
 To my mother  a notebook and a pen symbolized everything she could not achieve and everything I  through the grace of God or the accidental combination of my genes  seemed destined for.
 I ate the biscuits on the airplane and wrote all over the notebook as a college diary.
 Now it was nothing but ashes.
 As for the pen  it had run out of ink and I had lost it at some point.
What I would give to have those useless things with me now  kneeling by my mother s tomb and resting my forehead against its rough surface.
 Not the tomb in the hamlet where she had died  but here  in Luzon  in the cemetery built by Harry just for authenticity s sake.
 When I had seen his field of stones  I had asked to have the biggest tomb for my own use.
 On the tombstone I had pasted a reproduction of my mother s black-and-white picture that I carried in my wallet  the only extant image of her besides the rapidly fading ones in my mind  which had taken on the quality of a poorly preserved silent movie  its frames cracked by hairline fractures.
 On the gray face of the tombstone I painted her name and her dates in red  the mathematics of her life absurdly short for anyone but a grade-schooler to whom thirty-four years seemed an eternity.
 Tombstone and tomb were cast from adobe rather than carved from marble  but I took comfort in knowing no one would be able to tell on film.
 At least in this cinematic life she would have a resting place fit for a mandarin s wife  an ersatz but perhaps fitting grave for a woman who was never more than an extra to anyone but me.
When the Auteur arrived the next week  he threw himself a welcome party replete with barbecue  beer  burgers  Heinz ketchup  and a sheet cake big enough to sleep on.
 The prop department fashioned a fake cauldron from plywood and papier-mâché  stocked it with dry ice  and plopped in a couple of strippers with bleached blond hair from one of the bars around Subic Bay  their job to play white women boiled alive by natives.
 A handful of obliging young local men played the natives  wearing loincloths and shaking nasty-looking spears also concocted by the prop department.
 With the Vietnamese extras not due for another day  I was the lone representative of my people wandering among the more than a hundred actors and crew members  with an additional hundred or so Filipino laborers and cooks.
 These locals thought it was a gas to go up to the cauldron and slice carrots into the stripper soup.
 I could see the film shoot was going to generate tales of the movie people from Hollywood that would be passed on for decades  stretched ever taller for each succeeding generation.
for the extras  the boat people  they would be forgotten.
 No one remembered the extras.
Although I was neither one of the extras nor one of the boat people  the tide of sympathy pulled me toward them.
 The current of alienation simultaneously pushed me away from the movie people  even though I was one of them.
short  I was in a familiar place  the place of feeling unfamiliar  which I responded to in my usual fashion by arming myself with a gin and tonic  my first of the evening.
 I was sure to be defenseless after my fourth or fifth such drink at this party  which took place under the stars as well as under a huge thatched pavilion that served as the canteen.
 After trading jokes with Harry  I watched the men of the crew crowd around the few white girls on the set.
 Meanwhile  a blond-wigged band from Manila pounded out a perfect cover of Diana Ross s  Do You Know Where You re Going To   and I wondered if it had perhaps been one of the same Filipino bands that had played in Saigon s hotels.
 On the edge of the dance floor sat the Auteur  chatting with the Thespian  while Violet flirted with the Idol at the same table.
 The Thespian was playing Captain Will Shamus; the Idol was Sergeant Jay Bellamy.
 While the Thespian had started his long career off Broadway  the Idol was a singer who had flashed to fame with a bubble-gum pop hit so sweet my teeth hurt just on hearing it.
 The Hamlet was the first movie role for the young man  who had shown his commitment by shaving off the evanescent hairdo much imitated by teenage boys into a GI haircut  then submitting himself to the military drilling required for his role with the enthusiasm of a sexually repressed fraternity initiate.
 Leaning back on his rattan chair  sporting a white T-shirt and khakis  his perfect ankles exposed because he wore no socks with his boat shoes  he was cool as ice cream even in the tropical weather.
 That was why he was an Idol  fame his natural aura.
 Rumor had it that he and the Thespian did not get along  the Thespian being an actor s actor s actor who not only stayed in character the entire time but kept his uniform on as well.
 The GI fatigues and combat boots he wore were the same set he d donned three days before  when he arrived and became possibly the first actor in history to demand a pup tent instead of his air-conditioned trailer.
 Since frontline soldiers did not shower and shave  neither had he  and as a result he had begun to give off the aroma of slightly less than fresh ricotta.
 On his web belt was a holstered .
45  and while all the other guns on the set were empty of ammunition or had blanks  his packed real bullets  or so went another rumor that I am fairly certain originated with the Thespian.
 He and the Auteur discussed Fellini while Violet and the Idol reminisced about a Sunset Strip nightclub.
one paid any attention to me at all  so I sidled over to the next table  where the Vietnamese actors sat.
Or  to put it more accurately  the actors playing the Vietnamese.
 My notes to the Auteur had actually effected some change in how we were represented  and more than simply how the screams were now all rendered as AIEYAAHHH.
The most crucial change was the addition of three Vietnamese characters with actual speaking parts  an older brother  a younger sister  and a little brother whose parents had been slaughtered by King Cong.
 Older brother Binh  nicknamed Benny by the Green Berets  was filled with hatred of King Cong.
loved his American rescuers and served as their translator.
 Along with the one black Green Beret  he would meet the grisliest of deaths at the hands of King Cong.
 As for the sister  Mai  she would fall in love with the young  handsome  idealistic Sergeant Jay Bellamy.
 She would then be kidnapped and raped by King Cong  which served as the justification for the Green Berets utterly annihilating every last trace of King Cong.
 As for the little boy  he would be crowned with a Yankees cap in the final scene and airlifted into the heavens  his ultimate destination being Jay Bellamy s family in St.
 Louis  where he would be given a golden retriever and the nickname Danny Boy.
This was better than nothing  right.
In my naïveté  I had simply assumed that once roles were created for Vietnamese people  Vietnamese actors would be found.
 But no.
 We looked  Violet told me yesterday  when we had found time to sip iced tea together on the hotel veranda.
 Frankly  there just weren t any qualified Vietnamese actors.
 Most of them were amateurs and the handful of professionals all overacted.
 It must be the way they were trained.
 You ll see.
 Just withhold judgment until you see these actors act.
 Unfortunately  withholding judgment was not one of my strong suits.
 What Violet was telling me was that we could not represent ourselves; we must be represented  in this case by other Asians.
 The little one playing Danny Boy was the scion of a venerable Filipino acting family  but if he looked Vietnamese  then I could pass for the pope.
 He was simply too round and well fed to be a boy living in a hamlet  the typical such stripling having been raised without the benefit of any milk except his mother s.
 No doubt the young actor was talented.
 He had won the hearts of everyone on set when  on first being introduced  he had rendered a high-pitched version of  Feelings  at the bidding of his mother  who was sitting with him now and fanning him as he nursed a soda.
 During his performance  the maternal affection of this Venus was so strong I was pulled into her orbit  convinced by her that one day  mark her words  he would be on Broadway.
 You hear how he says feelings and not peelings.
 she whispered.
 Lessons in elocution.
 He does not speak like a Filipino at all.
Modeling himself on the Thespian  Danny Boy insisted on inhabiting his role and demanded to be called Danny Boy instead of his name  which I could not remember anyway.
The actor playing his older brother could not stand the child  mostly because Danny Boy stole the show with malicious ease whenever the two appeared next to each other.
 This was especially galling for James Yoon  the best-known performer on the set after the Thespian and the Idol.
 Yoon was the Asian Everyman  a television actor whose face most people would know but whose name they could not recall.
 They would say  Oh  that s the Chinese guy on that cop show  or That s the Japanese gardener in that comedy  or That s the Oriental guy  what s his name.
 Yoon was  in fact  a Korean American in his midthirties who could play a decade older or a decade younger and assume the mask of any Asian ethnicity  so malleable were his generically handsome features.
 Despite his many television roles  however  he would most likely go down in history for a highly popular recurring television commercial selling Sheen  a brand of dishwashing soap.
 In each commercial  a different housewife would be confronted by a different kind of sticky dishwashing challenge that could only be solved by the appearance of her chuckling  knowing houseboy  who offered her not his manhood but his ever-ready bottle of Sheen.
 Relieved and amazed  the housewife would inquire as to how he had come across such cleaning wisdom  whereon he would turn to the camera  wink  smile  and utter the slogan now famous across the nation: Confucius say  Clean with Sheen.
Not surprisingly  Yoon was an alcoholic.
 His face was an accurate thermometer of his condition  the mercurial redness an indicator that the liquor had worked its way up from his toes to his vision  tongue  and brain  for he was flirting with the actress playing his sister even though neither was heterosexual.
Yoon had made his intentions known to me over a dozen raw oysters at the hotel bar  their moist  open ears cocked upward to eavesdrop on his attempted seduction.
 No offense  I said  his hand on my knee  but I ve never been so inclined.
 Yoon shrugged and removed his hand.
 I always assume a man is at least a latent homosexual until proven otherwise.
 In any case  you can t blame a gay for trying  he said  smiling a smile utterly unlike my own.
 Having studied my smile and its effect on people  I knew it had the value of a second-rate global currency like the franc or the mark.
 But Yoon s smile was the gold standard  so bright it was the only thing you could see or look at  so utterly overpowering in person it was understandable how he had won the role of the Sheen actor.
 I was happy to buy him a drink to show that I was not bothered by his advances  and he in turn bought me another  and we bonded that night and almost every night that followed.
As Yoon had tried with me  I had tried with Asia Soo  the actress.
 Like me  she was of mixed-race descent  although of a much more refined pedigree  in her case a British fashion designer mother and a Chinese hotelier father.
 Her given name really was Asia  her parents foreseeing that any progeny of their unlikely union would surely be blessed with sufficient attributes to live up to the name of an entire ill-defined continent.
 She had three unfair advantages over any man on the set  with the exception of James Yoon: she was in her early twenties  was a high-end fashion model  and was a lesbian.
 Every man on the set  myself included  was convinced that he possessed the magic wand that could convert her back to heterosexuality.
 If that was not achievable  then he would settle for convincing her that he was the kind of liberated man so open to female homosexuality he would not be offended  not at all  in watching her have sex with another woman.
 Some of us confidently declared that all high-end fashion models did was have sex with each other.
 If we were high-end fashion models  so the reasoning went  with whom would we rather have sex  men like us or women like them.
 Such a question was a little deflating to the masculine ego  and it was with some trepidation that I had approached her at the hotel pool.
 Hi  I said.
 Perhaps it was my body language  or something in my eyes  for before I could go any further she laid down her copy of Jonathan Livingston Seagull and said  You re lovely  but just not my type.
 It s not your fault.
 You re a man.
 Yet again flabbergasted  all I could say was  You can t blame a guy for trying.
 She did not  so we  too  were friends.
These  then  were the major dramatis personae of The Hamlet  all recorded in the letter I sent to my aunt  along with glazed Polaroids of myself and the cast  even one with the reluctant Auteur.
 Also included were Polaroids of the refugee camp and its denizens  as well as newspaper clippings that the General had provided me before my departure.
 Drowning.
 Pillage.
 Rape.
 Cannibalism.
went the headlines.
 The General had read them to me with alternating and escalating notes of horror and triumph  about how refugees were reporting that only one in two boats was surviving the crossing from the beaches and inlets of our homeland to the nearest semifriendly shores in Hong Kong  Indonesia  Malaysia  and the Philippines  storms and pirates sinking the rest.
 Here it is  the General said  shaking a newspaper at me.
 The evidence that those communist bastards are purging the country.
 To Man s aunt  I wrote visibly in my letter about how sad it was to see these stories.
 Invisibly  I wrote  Is this really happening.
 Or propaganda.
 As for you  Commandant  what dream do you think compelled these refugees to escape  taking to the sea in leaky little boats that would have terrified Christopher Columbus.
 If our revolution served the people  why were some of these people voting by fleeing.
 At the time  I had no answers to these questions.
 Only now am I beginning to understand.
Things on set went along smoothly until Christmas  by which time the weather had cooled down considerably  although it still felt like a constant warm shower  according to the Americans.
 Most of the scenes shot before December were of the noncombat variety: Sergeant Bellamy arrives in Vietnam and promptly gets his camera ripped out of his hand by a motorbike-riding cowboy  a scene shot in the nearby town whose square had been remade in the likeness of downtown Saigon  complete with Renault taxis  authentic Vietnamese-lettered billboards  and haggling sidewalk vendors; Captain Shamus is called to headquarters in the same town  where a general verbally flogs him for blowing the whistle on a corrupt ARVN colonel  then punishes him by dispatching him to command the hamlet; bucolic scenes of rural life with peasants planting rice stalks in paddies  while hardworking Green Berets oversee the construction of hamlet fortifications; a disgruntled Green Beret scrawling  I believe in God  but God believes in napalm  on his helmet; Captain Shamus giving a motivational speech to the village militia with their rusty bolt-action rifles and shuffling  sandaled feet; Sergeant Bellamy leading the same militia in battle drills involving marksmanship  crawling under barbed wire  preparing L-shaped night ambushes; and the first skirmishes between the invisible King Cong and the hamlet s defenders  which mostly involved the militia firing their one mortar into the darkness.
My moviemaking days were consumed by ensuring that the extras knew where the wardrobe department was and when to shuffle to their scenes  that their dietary needs were met  that they were paid on a weekly basis their dollar a day  and that the roles for which they were needed were filled.
 The majority of the roles fell under the category of civilian  i.
  Possibly Innocent but Also Possibly Viet Cong and Therefore Possibly Going to Be Killed for Either Being Innocent or Being Viet Cong .
 Most of the extras were already familiar with this role  and therefore needed no motivation from me to get into the right psychology for possibly being blown up  dismembered  or just plain shot.
 The next largest category was the soldier of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam  i.
  the freedom fighter .
 All the male extras wanted to play this role  even though from the point of view of the American soldiers this was the category of Possibly Friend but Also Possibly Enemy and Therefore Possibly Going to Be Killed for Being Either a Friend or an Enemy.
 With a good number of ARVN veterans among the extras  I had no problem casting this role.
 The most troublesome category was the National Liberation Front guerrilla  pejoratively known as the Viet Cong  i.
  Possibly Freedom-Loving Nationalist but Also Possibly Hateful Red Communist but Really Who Cares so Kill Him [or Her] Anyway .
 Nobody wanted to be the Viet Cong  i.
  the freedom fighters   even though it meant only playing one.
 The freedom fighters among the refugees despised these other freedom fighters with an unsettling  if not unsurprising  vehemence.
As always  money solved the problem.
 After some strong persuasion on my part  Violet agreed to double the wages for those extras playing Viet Cong  an incentive that allowed these freedom fighters to forget that playing those other freedom fighters had once been so repugnant an idea.
 Part of what they found repugnant was that some of them would be called on to torture Binh and rape Mai.
 My relationship with the Auteur began to unravel around the question of Mai s rape  although he was already irritated with me for speaking up on behalf of the extras in regards to their salary.
 Undeterred  I sat down at his lunch table the day before the filming of her rape scene and asked him whether a rape was really necessary.
 It just seems a little heavy-handed  I said.
 A little shock treatment never hurt an audience  he said  pointing at me with his fork.
Sometimes they need a kick in the ass so they can feel something after sitting down for so long.
 A slap on both cheeks  and I don t mean the ones on their faces.
 This is war  and rape happens.
 I have an obligation to show that  although a sellout like you obviously would disagree.
The unprovoked attack stunned me   sellout  vibrating in my mind with the electrical colors of a Warhol painting.
 I am not a sellout  I finally managed to say.
 He snorted.
 Isn t a sellout what your people would call someone who helps a white man like me.
 Or is  loser  a better term.
On this latter point I could not disagree.
 The man who I presented myself as did belong to the losing side  and pointing out that the American side had lost  too  would not help matters any.
 All right  a loser is what I am  I said.
 I m a loser for believing in all the promises your America made to people like me.
 You came and said we were friends  but what we didn t know was that you could never trust us  much less respect us.
 Only losers like us couldn t have seen what s so obvious now  how you wouldn t want anyone for your friend who actually wanted to be your friend.
 Deep down you suspect only fools and traitors would believe your promises.
It was not that he let me speak uninterrupted.
 That was not his style.
 Oh  that s rich.
 he said soon after I began.
 A moral runt sucks at my teats.
 A know-it-all who doesn t know anything  an idiot savant minus the savant.
 You know who else has an opinion about everything that no one pays any attention to.
senile grandmother.
 You think that because you went to college people should listen to what you say.
 Too bad you ve got a bachelor of science in bullshit.
Perhaps I went too far when I invited him to perform fellatio on me  but he also went too far in threatening to kill me.
 He s always saying he s going to kill somebody  Violet said after I informed her of what happened.
 It s just a figure of speech.
 Promising to gouge out my eyes with a spoon and force-feeding me with them hardly sounded figurative  any more than the depiction of Mai s rape was simply figurative.
 No  the rape was a brutal act of the imagination  at least as evidenced by the script.
 As for the actual shooting of the scene  only the Auteur  a handful of select crew  the four rapists  and Asia Soo herself were present.
would have to wait for a year to see the scene myself  at a raucous movie theater in Bangkok.
 But I was an eyewitness to James Yoon s master scene two weeks later  for which he was stripped naked from the waist up and strapped to a plank.
The plank was propped on the body of an extra playing a dead militiaman  leaving the somewhat anxious-looking James Yoon to lie with his head angled toward the earth  braced for the water cure that he was about to receive from the same four Viet Cong who had raped Mai.
 Standing by James Yoon  the Auteur addressed the extras through me  although he never once looked at me  the two of us no longer on speaking terms.
At this point in the script  you ve just made first contact with your enemy  he said to the rapists.
 The Auteur had picked them because of the particular ferocity they had displayed in various scenes  as well as their distinctive physical features: the rotten banana brownness of their skin and the reptilian slits of their eyes.
 You ambushed a patrol and this is the sole survivor.
 He s an imperialist puppet  a lackey  a stooge  a traitor.
 There s nothing worse in your eyes than someone who sells out his country for some rice and a couple of dollars.
 As for you  your legendary battalion s been cut in half.
 Hundreds of your brothers are dead  and hundreds more will die in the battle to come.
 You re intent on sacrificing yourself for the fatherland but you re naturally fearful.
 Now comes this sniveling son of a bitch  this backstabber with yellow skin but a white soul.
You hate this bastard.
 You re going to make him confess all his reactionary sins  then make him pay for them.
 But most of all  remember this: have fun  be yourselves  and just act natural.
These instructions caused some confusion among the extras.
 The tallest one  and the ranking noncommissioned officer  a sergeant  said  He wants us to torture this guy and look like we re enjoying ourselves  right.
The shortest extra said  But what s that got to do with acting natural.
The tall sergeant said  He tells us that every time.
But it s not natural to act like a VC  Shorty said.
What s wrong.
 the Auteur said.
Yes  what s wrong.
 James Yoon said.
Nothing wrong  the tall sergeant said.
 We okay.
 We number one.
 Then he switched back to Vietnamese and told the others  Look.
 Who cares what he says.
He wants us to act natural but we got to act unnatural.
 We are motherfuckin  VC.
 Got it.
They certainly did.
 Here was method acting at its finest  four resentful refugees and former freedom fighters imagining the hateful psychology of the freedom fighters on the other side.
 With no more prodding from the Auteur once the film started rolling  this gang of four began to howl  slither  and slather over the object of their hatred.
 At this point in the script  James Yoon s character of Binh  a.
 Benny  had been caught on a probe led by the A-Team s only black soldier  Sergeant Pete Attucks.
 As established in an early anecdote  Attucks traced his genealogy two centuries back to Crispus Attucks  martyred by the British Redcoats in Boston and the first famous black man to sacrifice his life for the cause of white people.
 Once Attucks s genealogy had been explained  his fate was sealed with superglue.
 In due time  he stepped into a booby trap  a bearclaw clamp made of bamboo spikes that seized his left foot.
 While the rest of the Popular Forces squad was handily exterminated  he and Binh fired back until Attucks lost consciousness and Binh ran out of ammunition.
 When the Viet Cong captured them  they committed one of their infamous  heinous acts of desecration on Attucks  castrating him and stuffing his manhood in his mouth.
This  according to Claude in his interrogation course  was something certain Native American tribes also inflicted on trespassing white settlers  despite being of a different race thousands of miles away and more than a century past.
Claude said  showing us the slide of an archaic black-and-white illustration depicting such an indigenous massacre.
 He followed this with another slide  a black-and-white photograph featuring the similarly mutilated corpse of a GI captured by the Viet Cong.
 Who says we don t share a common humanity.
Claude said  advancing to the next slide of an American GI urinating on a Viet Cong corpse.
Binh s fate now rested in the hands of these Viet Cong  who reserved their scarce water not for bathing but for torture.
 While James Yoon  or his stunt double  in another set of shots  was strapped to the plank  a dirty cloth was wrapped around his head.
 One of the VC then slowly poured water from a foot above Binh s head onto the cloth  using Attucks s own canteens.
 Fortunately for James Yoon  the water torture only occurred in the shots involving the stuntman.
Under the rag  the stuntman had his nostrils sealed and a tube for breathing in his mouth  since one cannot  of course  breathe under the cascade.
 The sensation suffered by the victim was close to drowning  or so I have been told by prisoners who have survived being put to the question  as the Spanish inquisitors described the infliction of the water cure.
 Again and again the question was asked of James Yoon  and while the water was surging onto his face  the VC clustered around  cursing  kicking  and punching him all in simulation  of course.
 Such thrashing.
 Such gurgling.
 Such heaving of the breast and belly.
 After a while  out under a tropical sun as sultry as Sophia Loren  it was not just James Yoon but even the extras who started to sweat from their efforts.
 This was what few people realize it s hard work to beat somebody.
 I have known many an interrogator who has strained a back  pulled a muscle  torn a tendon or a ligament  even broken fingers  toes  hands  and feet  not to mention going hoarse.
 For while the prisoner is screaming  crying  choking  and confessing  or attempting to confess  or simply lying  the interrogator must produce a steady stream of epithets  insults  grunts  demands  and provocations with all the concentration and creativity of a woman manning a dirty-talk sex line.
 It takes significant mental energy to be nonrepetitive in heaping verbal abuse  and here  at least  the extras faltered in their performance.
 Blame should not be directed at them.
 They were not professionals  and the script merely said  VC interrogators curse and berate Binh in their own language.
 Left to improvise  the extras proceeded to give a repetitive lesson in gutter Vietnamese no one on set would ever forget.
 Indeed  while most of the crew never learned how to say  thank you  or  please  in Vietnamese  by the end of the shoot everyone knew how to say  fuck your mother   or  motherfucker   depending on how one translates du ma.
 I never cared much for the obscenity myself  but I could not help admiring how the extras squeezed every ounce of juice from the lime of it  spitting it out as a noun  verb  adjective  adverb  and exclamation  lending it intonations of not only hate and anger  but even  at some points  sympathy.
 Du ma.
 Du ma.
Then  after the beating  cursing  and application of the water cure  the wet cloth would be unwrapped from Binh s face to reveal James Yoon  who knew this was his best chance for a supporting actor Oscar.
 He had been disposed of many times before on-screen as the evanescent Oriental  but none of those deaths possessed this agony  this nobility.
 Let s see  he had told me one night at our hotel s bar  I ve been beaten to death with brass knuckles by Robert Mitchum  knifed in the back by Ernest Borgnine  shot in the head by Frank Sinatra  strangled by James Coburn  hanged by a character actor you don t know  thrown off a skyscraper by another one  pushed out the window of a Zeppelin  and stuffed in a bag of laundry and dropped in the Hudson River by a gang of Chinese guys.
 Oh  yes  I was also disemboweled by a squad of Japanese.
But those were all quick deaths.
 All I ever got was a few seconds of screen time at most and sometimes barely that.
 This time  though and here he trotted out the giddy smile of a freshly crowned beauty pageant queen it s going to take forever to kill me.
So whenever that cloth was unwrapped  and it was unwrapped many a time during the interrogation session  James Yoon gorged on the scenery with the starved fervor of a man who knew he was not going to be upstaged for once by the perennially cute and unbeatable little boy whose mother would not allow him to watch this scene.
 He grimaced  he groaned  he grunted  he cried  he wept  he bawled  all with real tears hauled up by the buckets from some well deep inside his body.
 After this  he yelled  he screamed  he shrieked  he wriggled  he twisted  he contorted  he thrashed  and he heaved  the climax being when he vomited  a chunky regurgitated soup of his salty  vinegary breakfast of chorizo and eggs.
the conclusion of this extended first take there was only cathedral silence on the part of the crew  stunned as they regarded what was left of James Yoon  as scarified and beaten as an uppity slave on an American plantation.
 The Auteur himself came with a wet towel  knelt by the still strapped-down actor  and tenderly wiped the vomit from James Yoon s face.
 That was amazing  Jimmy  absolutely amazing.
Thank you  James Yoon gasped.
Now let s try it one more time  just to be sure.
In fact  six more takes were required before the Auteur declared himself satisfied.
 At noon  after the third take  the Auteur had asked James Yoon if he wanted to break for lunch  but the actor had shuddered and whispered  No  don t unstrap me.
 I m being tortured  aren t I.
 While the rest of the cast and crew retired to the somnolent shade of the canteen  I sat by James Yoon and offered to shelter him with a parasol  but he shook his head with tortoise determination.
No  dammit  I m seeing this through.
 It s only an hour in the sun.
 People like Binh went through worse  didn t they.
 Much worse  I agreed.
 James Yoon s harrowing experience would at least be finished today  or so he hoped  whereas a real prisoner s mortification continued for days  weeks  months  years.
 This was true of those captured by my communist comrades  according to our intelligence reports  but it was also true of those interrogated by my colleagues in the Special Branch.
 Did the Special Branch interrogations take so long because the policemen were being thorough  unimaginative  or sadistic.
 All of the above  said Claude.
 And yet the lack of imagination and the sadism contradict the thoroughness.
 He was lecturing to a classroom of these secret policemen in the National Interrogation Center  the unblinking eyes of the windows looking out onto the Saigon dockyards.
 The twenty pupils of his subterranean specialty  including myself  were all veterans of the army or police  but we were still intimidated by his authority  the way he held forth with the pedigree of a professor at the Sorbonne or Harvard or Cambridge.
 Brute force is not the answer  gentlemen  if the question is how to extract information and cooperation.
Brute force will get you bad answers  lies  misdirection  or  worse yet  will get you the answer the prisoner thinks you want to hear.
 He will say anything to stop the pain.
 All of this stuff here Claude waved his hand at the tools of the trade assembled on his desk  much of it made in France  including a billy club  a plastic gasoline container repurposed for soapy water  pliers  a hand-cranked electrical generator for a field telephone all of it is useless.
 Interrogation is not punishment.
 Interrogation is a science.
Myself and the other secret policemen dutifully wrote this down in our notebooks.
 Claude was our American adviser  and we expected state-of-the-art knowledge from him and all the other American advisers.
 We were not disappointed.
 Interrogation is about the mind first  the body second  he said.
 You don t even have to leave a bruise or a mark on the body.
 Sounds counterintuitive  doesn t it.
 But it s true.
 We ve spent millions to prove it in the lab.
 The principles are basic  but the application can be creative and tailored to the individual or to the imagination of the interrogator.
 Disorientation.
 Sensory deprivation.
 Self-punishment.
 These principles have been scientifically demonstrated by the best scientists in the world  American scientists.
 We have shown that the human mind  subject to the right conditions  will break down faster than the human body.
 All this stuff again he waved his hand in contempt at what we now saw as Gallic junk  the tools of old world barbarians rather than new world scientists  of medieval torture rather than modern interrogation it will take months to wear the subject down with these things.
 But put a sack on the subject s head  wrap his hands in balls of gauze  plug his ears  and drop him in a completely dark cell by himself for a week  and you no longer have a human being capable of resistance.
 You have a puddle of water.
Water.
 Water  James Yoon said.
 Can I get some water  please.
I fetched him some water.
 Despite the water cure  he had not actually had any water except what was absorbed through the wet cloth  which was just wet enough  he said  to be suffocating.
 As his arms were still bound  I slowly trickled the water down his throat.
 Thanks  he muttered  just as any prisoner would be grateful to his torturer for the drop of water  or the morsel of food  or the minute of sleep that the torturer doled out.
 For once I was relieved to hear the Auteur s voice  calling out  All right  let s get this done so Jimmy can get back to the pool.
By the final take two hours later  James Yoon really was lachrymose with pain  his face bathed in sweat  mucus  vomit  and tears.
 It was a sight that I had seen before the communist agent.
 But that was real  so real I had to stop thinking about her face.
 I focused on the fictional state of total degradation that the Auteur wanted for the next scene  which itself required several takes.
 In this scene  the last one of the movie for James Yoon  the Viet Cong  frustrated because of their inability to break their victim and get him to confess to his crimes  beat his brains out with a spade.
 Being a bit exhausted from torturing their victim  however  the quartet first decide to take a break smoking Pete Attucks s Marlboros.
 Unfortunately for them  they underestimated the will of this Binh  who  like many of his southern brethren  whether they be freedom fighters or freedom fighters  was as laid-back as a California surfer regarding every matter except the question of independence from tyranny.
 Left alone without the towel around his head  he was free to bite off his own tongue and drown under a faucet of his own fake blood  a commercial product that cost thirty-five dollars a gallon and of which approximately two gallons were used to paint James Yoon and decorate the earth.
 When it came to Binh s brains  though  Harry had concocted his own homemade cerebro-matter  a secret recipe of oatmeal mixed with agar  the result being a gray  clumpy  congealed mess that he lovingly daubed on the earth around James Yoon s head.
 The cinematographer got especially close to capture the look in Binh s eyes  which I could not see from where I was watching  but which I assumed to be some saintly mix of ecstatic pain and painful ecstasy.
 Despite all the punishment inscribed on him  he had never uttered a word  or at least an intelligible one.
The longer I worked on the Movie  the more I was convinced that I was not only a technical consultant on an artistic project  but an infiltrator into a work of propaganda.
 A man such as the Auteur would have denied it  seeing his Movie purely as Art  but who was fooling whom.
 Movies were America s way of softening up the rest of the world  Hollywood relentlessly assaulting the mental defenses of audiences with the hit  the smash  the spectacle  the blockbuster  and  yes  even the box office bomb.
 It mattered not what story these audiences watched.
 The point was that it was the American story they watched and loved  up until the day that they themselves might be bombed by the planes they had seen in American movies.
Man  not surprisingly  understood Hollywood s function as the launcher of the intercontinental ballistic missile of Americanization.
 I had written him a worried letter about the relevance of my work on the Movie  and he had written back his most detailed messages ever.
 First he addressed my concerns about the refugees: Conditions here exaggerated there.
 Remember our Party s principles.
 Enemies of the Party must be rooted out.
 His second message concerned my fear of being a collaborator with the Auteur: Remember Mao at Yan an.
 That was all  but it disspelled the black crow of doubt sitting on my shoulder.
 When was the last time an American president found it worth his while to write a speech on the importance of art and literature.
 I cannot recall.
 And yet at Yan an  Mao said that art and literature were crucial to revolution.
 Conversely  he warned  art and literature could also be tools of domination.
 Art could not be separated from politics  and politics needed art in order to reach the people where they lived  through entertaining them.
 By urging me to remember Mao  Man was telling me that my mission with this Movie was important.
 Perhaps the Movie itself was not terribly important  but what it represented  the genus of the American movie  was.
 An audience member might love or hate this Movie  or dismiss it as only a story  but those emotions were irrelevant.
 What mattered was that the audience member  having paid for the ticket  was willing to let American ideas and values seep into the vulnerable tissue of his brain and the absorbent soil of his heart.
When Man first discussed such issues with me  in our study group  I was dazed with his brilliance as well as Mao s.
 I was a lycée student who had never read Mao  never thought that art and literature had any relationship to politics.
Man imparted that lesson by leading myself and the third member of our cell  a bespectacled youth named Ngo  in a spirited discussion of Mao s lecture.
 The Great Helmsman s arguments about art thrilled us.
 Art could be both popular  aimed for the masses  and yet advanced  raising its own aesthetic standard as well as the taste of the masses.
 We discussed how this could be done in Ngo s garden with blustery teenage self-confidence  interrupted every now and again when Ngo s mother served us a snack.
 Poor Ngo eventually died in a provincial interrogation center  arrested for possession of antigovernment pamphlets  but back then he was a boy passionately in love with the poetry of Baudelaire.
Unlike Man and Ngo  I was never much of an organizer or agitator  which was one reason  Man would say later  that the committees above decided I would be a mole.
He used the English word  which we had learned not so long ago in our English course  taught by a professor whose greatest joy was diagramming sentences.
 A mole.
 I said.
 The animal that digs underground.
The other kind of mole.
There s another kind.
Of course.
 To think of a mole as that which digs underground misunderstands the meaning of the mole as a spy.
 A spy s task is not to hide himself where no one can see him  since he will not be able to see anything himself.
 A spy s task is to hide where everyone can see him and where he can see everything.
 Now ask yourself: What can everyone see about you but you yourself cannot.
Enough with the riddles  I said.
 I give up.
There he pointed at the middle of my face in plain sight.
I went to the mirror to see for myself  Man peering over my shoulder.
 There it indeed was  such a part of myself I had long ago ceased to notice it.
 Keep in mind that you will be not just any mole  Man said  but the mole that is the beauty spot on the nose of power itself.
Man had the natural ability to make the role of a mole  and other potentially dangerous tasks  seem attractive.
 Who would not want to be a beauty spot.
kept that in mind when I consulted my English dictionary  where I discovered that a mole could also be a kind of pier or harbor  a unit of measurement in chemistry  an abnormal mass of uterine tissue  and  if pronounced differently  a highly spiced Mexican sauce of peppers and chocolate that I would one day try and very much enjoy.
 But what caught my eye and has stayed with me ever since was the accompanying illustration  which depicted not a beauty spot but the animal  a subterranean  worm-eating mammal with massive clawed feet  a tubular whiskered snout  and pinhole eyes.
 It was surely ugly to all except its own mother  and nearly blind.
Crushing victims in its path  the Movie rolled with the momentum of a Panzer division toward the climactic firefight at King Cong s lair  which would be followed by said lair s incendiary vaporization by the US Air Force.
 Several weeks of shooting were required for what amounted to fifteen minutes of screen time popping with helicopters  rocket fire  gun battles  and the utter and magnificent destruction of the elaborate sets that had been raised with every intention of being brought low.
 Enormous supplies of canned smoke ensured that bewildering mists draped the set every so often  while so many blank rounds were fired  and such significant quantities of detonation cord and explosives used  that all the birds and beasts of the locality vanished in fear and the crew walked around with wicks of cotton in their ears.
 Of course it was not enough to merely destroy the hamlet and the cave where King Cong hid; to satisfy the Auteur s need for realistic bloodshed  all the extras also had to be killed off.
the script called for the deaths of several hundred Viet Cong and Laotians  while there were only a hundred extras  most died more than once  many four or five times.
 The demand for extras was reduced only after the pièce de résistance of the firefight  an awesome napalm strike delivered by a pair of low-flying F-5s flown by the Philippine air force.
 Most of the enemy thus exterminated  all that was required for the shoot s last days were twenty extras  a reduced population that left the hamlet a ghost town.
It was here that the living went to sleep but the undead awoke  as for three dawns the set rang to the cry  Dead Vietnamese  take your places.
 An obedient tribe of zombies rose from the earth  a score of dismembered dead men stumbling forth from the makeup tent all bruised and bloodied  clothing ripped and torn.
 Some leaned on comrades and hobbled on only one leg  the other leg strapped up to their thigh.
 In a free hand they carried a fake limb  the white bone protruding  which they positioned somewhere close once they lay down.
 Others  with an arm inside a shirt and a sleeve hanging empty  carried a fake mangled arm  while a few cupped the brains falling out of their heads.
 Some gingerly clutched their exposed intestines  which looked for all the world like glistening strings of white  uncooked sausages because that was what they were.
 The use of sausages was an inspired move  for at the appropriate moment when the shooting started Harry would unleash a stray hound who would dash hungrily onto the scene and begin gnawing madly at the innards of the dead.
 These corpses were all that remained of the enemy in the smoldering remains of King Cong s lair  scattered about in grotesque poses where they had fallen after being shot  stabbed  beaten  or choked to death in the bitter hand-to-hand melee between the Viet Cong and the Green Berets  along with their Popular Forces.
 The dead included numerous unfortunate  anonymous Popular Force troops as well as the four Viet Cong who had tortured Binh and raped Mai  their end dealt to them with appropriate vengeance by Shamus and Bellamy  wielding their KA-BAR knives with Homeric frenzy until They stood panting in a battlefield from which arose only the hiss of embers.
SHAMUS You hear that.
BELLAMY I don t hear anything.
SHAMUS Exactly.
 It s the sound of peace.
If only.
 The Movie was not yet complete.
 An old woman dashed from the cave to fall  wailing  onto the body of her dead VC son.
 The astonished Green Berets recognized her as the friendly  black-toothed madame of the dismal brothel where they had so often played the venereal disease lottery.
BELLAMY Christ  Mama San s VC.
SHAMUS They all are  kid.
 They all are.
BELLAMY What do we do with her.
SHAMUS Nothing.
 Let s go home.
Shamus forgot the cardinal rule of westerns  detective stories  and war movies: never turn your back on an enemy or a wronged woman.
 When they did  the enraged Mama San seized her son s AK-47  blasted Shamus from hip to shoulder blades  then fell victim herself to Bellamy  who  spinning quickly  unloaded the last of his magazine.
 So she died in slow motion  bathed with fourteen lifelike squirts of blood from squibs rigged by Harry  who provided her with two more to bite on.
 This tastes awful  she said afterward  mouth and chin covered in the fake blood I was wiping off.
 Was I convincing.
 Astonishing  I said to her great satisfaction.
 No one dies like you.
Except  of course  for the Thespian.
 To ensure that no one could claim that Asia Soo or James Yoon had outacted him  he demanded that his death be filmed eighteen times.
 The greater acting job was required of the Idol  however  who had to embrace the dying Will Shamus in his arms  a difficult task as the Thespian had still not taken a shower after seven months of shooting.
 This was despite the fact that no soldier ever passed up the opportunity for a shower or bath  even if it amounted to no more than lathering himself with soap and cold water from a helmet.
 I mentioned this to the Thespian one night early in the shooting  and he responded with one of those looks of pity and amusement I was by now so used to getting  the kind that implied not only that my fly was undone  but that there was nothing to see even if it was.
 It is exactly because no soldier has done this that I am  he declared.
 As a result  no one could force themselves to eat at his table or stand nearer than fifteen or twenty feet  his stink so ghastly that it drew tears to the Idol s face as he leaned in close with every take  weeping and gagging  to hear Shamus whisper his last words: The whore.
 The whore.
With Shamus dead the stage was set for Bellamy to call for the Arc Light strike on King Cong s lair.
 In the heavens above  an unseen B-52 Stratofortress would squeeze out thirty thousand pounds of dumb bombs onto the lair  the purpose being not to kill the living but to cleanse the land of the dead  to do a victory dance on King Cong s corpse  to wipe the hippie smile from Mother Earth s face  and to say to the world  We can t help it we re Americans.
 The scene was a massive industrial production that required the digging of several trenches  which were then filled with two thousand gallons of gasoline  as well as a thousand smoke bombs  several hundred sticks of phosphorous  a few dozen sticks of dynamite  and untold numbers of rockets  flares  and tracers  all deployed to simulate the explosions coming from King Cong s detonating ammunition stockpile  supplied by the Chinese and the Soviets.
 Everyone on the crew had been waiting for this moment  the greatest blowup ever in cinematic history.
 It is the moment  the Auteur proclaimed to the massed crew during the last week  when we show that making this movie was going to war itself.
 When your grandchildren ask you what you did during the war  you can say  I made this movie.
 I made a great work of art.
 How do you know you ve made a great work of art.
 A great work of art is something as real as reality itself  and sometimes even more real than the real.
 Long after this war is forgotten  when its existence is a paragraph in a schoolbook students won t even bother to read  and everyone who survived it is dead  their bodies dust  their memories atoms  their emotions no longer in motion  this work of art will still shine so brightly it will not just be about the war but it will be the war.
And there you have the absurdity.
 Not that there was not some truth to what the Auteur claimed  for the absurd often has its seed in a truth.
 Yes  art eventually survives war  its artifacts still towering long after the diurnal rhythms of nature have ground the bodies of millions of warriors to powder  but I had no doubt that in the Auteur s egomaniacal imagination he meant that his work of art  now  was more important than the three or four or six million dead who composed the real meaning of the war.
 They cannot represent themselves; they must be represented.
 Marx spoke of the oppressed class that was not politically conscious enough to see itself as a class  but was anything ever more true of the dead  as well as the extras.
 Their fate was so inane that they drank away their dollar a day every night  an act in which I gladly joined them  feeling a small part of myself dying with them  too.
 For I had an encroaching sense of the meanness of my accomplishment  that I had been deluded in thinking I could effect change in how we were represented.
 I had altered the script here and there  and incited the creation of a few speaking parts  but to what end.
 I had not derailed this behemoth  or changed its direction  I had only made its path smoother as the technical consultant in charge of authenticity  the spirit haunting bad movies that aspired to be good ones.
 My task was to ensure that the people scuttling in the background of the film would be real Vietnamese people saying real Vietnamese things and dressed in real Vietnamese clothing  right before they died.
 The swing of a dialect and the trim of a costume had to be real  but the truly important things in such a movie  like emotions or ideas  could be fake.
was no more than the garment worker who made sure the stitching was correct in an outfit designed  produced  and consumed by the wealthy white people of the world.
 They owned the means of production  and therefore the means of representation  and the best that we could ever hope for was to get a word in edgewise before our anonymous deaths.
The Movie was just a sequel to our war and a prequel to the next one that America was destined to wage.
 Killing the extras was either a reenactment of what had happened to us natives or a dress rehearsal for the next such episode  with the Movie the local anesthetic applied to the American mind  preparing it for any minor irritation before or after such a deed.
 Ultimately  the technology used to actually obliterate natives came from the military-industrial complex of which Hollywood was a part  doing its dutiful role in the artificial obliteration of natives.
 I realized this  eventually  on the day the final spectacle was supposed to be shot  when  at the last minute  the Auteur decided to improvise with the plentiful quantities of leftover gasoline and explosives.
 The day before  unbeknownst to me  the special effects wizards had received the Auteur s instructions: rig the cemetery for destruction.
 This cemetery had been spared in the original script when King Cong attacked the hamlet  but now the Auteur wanted one more scene illustrating the true depravity of both sides.
 In this scene  a squad of suicidal guerrillas defiladed amid the tombs  whereon Shamus would call down a white phosphorous strike on the sacred realm of the hamlet s ancestors  obliterating living and dead with 155 mm shells.
 I learned of this new scene the morning of its shooting  when the Arc Light strike was originally scheduled.
 Nope  said Harry.
 The special effects guys finished prepping the cemetery last night.
I love that cemetery.
 It s the greatest thing you built.
You got thirty minutes to take a picture before boom-boom time.
It was only a fake cemetery with its fake tomb for my mother  but the eradication of this creation  in its wantonness and its whimsy  hurt me with unexpected severity.
 I had to pay my last respects to my mother and the cemetery  but I was alone in such sentiments.
 The cemetery was abandoned  the crew still having breakfast.
 Among the tombs now ran a maze of shallow trenches gleaming with gasoline  while bundled to the backs of the headstones were sticks of dynamite and phosphorous.
 Clusters of smoke bombs were staked to the ground  hidden from camera view by headstones and the knee-high grass that tickled my bare ankles and shins.
 With my camera slung around my neck I passed by the names of the dead that Harry had written on the tombstones  copied from the Los Angeles phonebook and attached to people presumably still alive.
 Among these names of the living in this little plaza of the passed  my mother s name was the only one that genuinely belonged.
 It was at her headstone I knelt down to say good-bye.
 The desecration by weather over the past seven months had eroded much of her face in the photographic reproduction  while the red paint with which her name was written had faded to the hue of dried blood on a sidewalk.
 Melancholy slipped her dry  papery hand into mine as she always did when I thought about my mother  whose life was so short  whose opportunities were so few  whose sacrifices were so great  and who was due to suffer one last indignity for the sake of entertainment.
Mama  I said  my forehead on her headstone.
 Mama  I miss you so much.
I heard the disembodied voice of the crapulent major  chuckling.
 Was it just my imagination  or did all the ambient noise of nature cease.
 In the preternatural calm of my séance with my mother  I thought I might have been successful in communing with her soul  but just when my mother might have whispered something to me  a giant clap of noise ripped the hearing from my ears.
 At the same time a slap in the face lifted me from my knees and hurled me through a blister of light  knocking me out of focus  one self flying while another self watched.
 Later  it would be claimed that it was all an accident  the result of a faulty blasting cap that triggered the first explosion  although by then I had decided that it was no accident at all.
 Only one man could have been responsible for what happened on the set  the man who was so meticulous about every detail that he planned the weekly menu  the Auteur.
 But at the time of the conflagration  my calm self believed God Himself had struck my blasphemous soul.
 Through these eyes of my calm self I saw my hysterical  screaming self spread his arms and flail them about like a flightless bird.
 A great sheet of flame shot up before him  while a wave of heat swept over him with such intensity both he and I lost any sense of feeling.
 An immense python of helplessness wrapped its smothering grip around us  squeezing us back together into one self with such force I nearly blacked out until my back hit the earth.
 The meat of my body was now salted  broiled  and tenderized  the world around me afire and stinking of the gasoline sweat emanating from the woolly beasts of black smoke lunging and lurching toward me with ever-mutating faces.
 Another giant clap tore away the silence clogging my ears as I stumbled to my feet.
 Meteoritic chunks of earth and rock whizzed by  and I flung one arm over my head and pulled my shirt over my nose and mouth.
 There was a narrow path through the fire and smoke  and with my eyes blinded by tears and stinging with soot  I ran  yet again  for my life.
 The shock wave of another explosion slapped my back  an entire tombstone sailed overhead  a smoke grenade tumbled across the path  and a gray cloud blindfolded me.
 I found my way by avoiding the heat  coughing and wheezing until I reached open air.
 Still blind  I kept running  hands waving  gasping in oxygen  feeling the sensation a coward always wants to feel and never wants to feel  that he was alive.
 It was a feeling possible only after surviving a round of Russian roulette with the gambler who never loses  Death.
 As I was about to thank the God I did not believe in  because yes  ultimately  I was a coward  a blare of trumpets deafened me.
 In the silence  the earth vanished the glue of gravity dissolved and I was propelled skyward  the wreckage of the cemetery blazing before me  receding as I was blown backward  the world passing by in a blurred haze that faded into mute darkness.
* * * That haze .
 that haze was my life flashing before my eyes  only it unreeled so fast I could not see much of it.
 What I could see was myself  but what was strange was that my life unreeled in reverse  as in those film sequences where someone who has fallen out of a building and gone splat on the sidewalk suddenly leaps up into the air and flies back through the window.
 So it was with me  running madly backward against an impressionistic background of blotches of color.
 I gradually shrank in size until I was a teenager  then a child  and then  at last  a baby  crawling  until inevitably I was sucked naked and screaming through that portal every man s mother possesses  into a black hole where all light vanished.
 As that last glimmer faded  it occurred to me that the light at the end of the tunnel seen by people who have died and come back to life was not Heaven.
 Wasn t it much more plausible that what they saw was not what lay ahead of them but what lay behind.
 This was the universal memory of the first tunnel we all pass through  the light at its end penetrating our fetal darkness  disturbing our closed eyelids  beckoning us toward the chute that will deliver us to our inevitable appointment with death.
 I opened my mouth to scream and then I opened my eyes .
I was in a bed shielded by a white curtain  pressed beneath a white sheet.
Beyond the curtain came ethereal voices; the ice cube clink of metal; the somersaulting of wheels on linoleum; the maddening squeak of rubber soles; the pitiful beeping of lonely electronic machines.
 I was dressed in a flimsy crepe gown  but despite the lightness of this and the sheet  a soporific heaviness pressed down on me  scratchy as an army blanket  oppressive as unwanted love.
A man in a white coat stood at the foot of my bed  reading a chart on a clipboard with the intensity of a dyslexic.
 He had the wild  neglected hair of a graduate student in astrophysics; his protuberant belly spilled over the dam of his belt; and he was mumbling into a tape recorder.
 Patient admitted yesterday suffering from first-degree burns  smoke inhalation  bruises  concussion.
 He is  At this point he noticed me staring at him.
 Ah  hello  good morning  said he.
 Can you hear me  young man.
 Nod your head.
 Very good.
 Can you say something.
Nothing s wrong with your vocal cords or your tongue.
 Still in shock  I d say.
Remember your name.
 I nodded.
 Good.
 Know where you are.
 I shook my head.
A hospital in Manila.
 The best money can buy.
 In this hospital  all the doctors not only have MDs.
 We also have PhDs.
 That means we are all Philippine Doctors.
 The MD stands for Manila Doctors.
 Ha  just joking  my sallow young friend.
 Of course the MD stands for a medical doctorate and the PhD stands for a philosophy doctorate  which means I can analyze both what I can see and what I cannot see.
 Everything physical about you is in relatively good shape  given your recent scare.
 Some damage  yes  but not bad considering you should be dead or seriously maimed.
 A broken arm or leg  at least.
 In short  you are remarkably lucky.
 That being said  I suspect you have a headache of Zsa Zsa Gabor s va-vava-voom proportions.
 I recommend anything but psychoanalysis.
 What I would recommend is a nurse  but we ve exported all the pretty ones to America.
 Any questions.
 I struggled to speak but nothing came out  so I only shook my head.
Rest  then.
 Remember that the best medical treatment is a sense of relativism.
matter how badly you might feel  take comfort in knowing there s someone who feels much worse.
With that  he slipped through the curtain and I was alone.
 Above me the ceiling was white.
 My sheets  white.
 My hospital gown  white.
 I must be fine if everything was all white but I was not.
 I hated white rooms  and now I was alone in one with nothing to distract me.
 I could live without television  but not without books.
 Not even a magazine or a fellow patient alleviated the solitude  and as the seconds  minutes  and hours dribbled away like saliva from a mental patient s mouth  a deep unease descended on me  the claustrophobic sense that the past was beginning to emerge from these blank walls.
 I was saved from any such visitations by the arrival later that afternoon of the four extras who played the Viet Cong torturers.
 Freshly shaven and in jeans and T-shirts  they did not look like torturers or villains but harmless refugees  slightly befuddled and out of place.
 They bore  of all things  a cellophane-wrapped fruit basket and a bottle of Johnnie Walker.
 How you doing  chief.
 the shortest extra said.
 You look like hell.
All right  I croaked.
 Nothing serious.
 You shouldn t have.
The gifts aren t from us  the tall sergeant said.
 The director sent them.
That s nice of him.
The tall sergeant and Shorty exchanged a glance.
 If you say so  Shorty said.
What s that mean.
The tall sergeant sighed.
 I didn t want to get into it this early  Captain.
 Look  have a drink first.
 The least you can do is drink the man s booze.
I wouldn t mind some  said Shorty.
Pour everyone a drink  I said.
 What do you mean the least I can do.
The tall sergeant insisted I have my drink first  and that warm  sweet glow of affordable blended scotch really did help  as comforting as a homely wife who understands her man s every need.
 The word is that what happened yesterday was an accident  he said.
 But it s a hell of a coincidence  isn t it.
 You get in a fight with the director yeah  everybody s heard about it and then you of all people get blown up.
 I don t have any proof.
 It s just a hell of a coincidence.
I was silent as he poured me another.
 I looked at Shorty.
 What do you think.
I wouldn t put anything past the Americans.
 They weren t afraid of taking out our president  were they.
 What s to make you think they wouldn t go after you.
I laughed  even though inside me the little dog of my soul was sitting at attention  nose and ears turned to the wind.
 You guys are paranoid  I said.
Every paranoid person is right at least once  said the tall sergeant.
 When he dies.
Believe it or don t  said Shorty.
 But look  the reason we all came here wasn t just to talk about this.
 We all wanted to say thanks  Captain  for all the work you did during this whole shoot.
 You did a swell job  taking care of us  getting us extra pay  talking back to the director.
So let s drink that bastard s liquor in your honor  Captain  said the tall sergeant.
My eyes welled up with tears as they raised their glasses to me  a fellow Vietnamese who was  despite everything  like them.
 My need for validation and inclusion surprised me  but the trauma of the explosion must have weakened me.
Man had already warned me that for the kind of subterranean work we did  there would be no medals or promotions or parades.
 Having resigned myself to those conditions  the praise of these refugees was unexpected.
 I comforted myself with the memory of their words after they left  as well as with Johnnie Walker  forgoing my glass and drinking straight from the bottle.
 But after the bottle was empty sometime that night  I was finally left with nothing but myself and my thoughts  devious cabdrivers that took me where I did not want to go.
 Now that my room was dark  all I could see was the only other all-white room I had been in  at the National Interrogation Center back in Saigon  working my first assignment under Claude s supervision.
 In that instance I was not the patient.
The patient  whom I should properly call the prisoner  had a face I could remember very clearly  so often had I studied him via the the cameras mounted in the corners of his room.
 Every inch of it had been painted white  including his bed frame  his desk  his chair  and his bucket  the only other occupants.
 Even the trays and the plates with his food and the cup for his water and his bar of soap were white  and he was only allowed to wear a white T-shirt and white boxer shorts.
 Besides the door  the only other opening was for sewage  a little dark hole in the corner.
I was there when the workmen built the room and painted it.
 The idea for the all-white room was Claude s  as was the use of air conditioners to keep the room at eighteen degrees Celsius  cool even by Western standards and freezing for the prisoner.
 This is an experiment  Claude said  to see whether a prisoner will soften up under certain conditions.
 These conditions included overhead fluorescents that were never turned off.
 They provided his only light  the timelessness matching the spacelessness induced by the overwhelming whiteness.
 White-painted speakers were the final touch  mounted on the wall and ready to broadcast at every minute of the day.
 What should we play.
 Claude asked.
 It has to be something he can t stand.
He looked at me expectantly  ready to grade me.
 There was little I could do for the prisoner  try as I might.
 Claude would eventually find the music he could not stand  and if I did not help him my reputation as a good student would lose a little of its luster.
 The prisoner s only real hope of escaping from his situation lay not with me  but with the liberation of the entire south.
 So I said  Country music.
The average Vietnamese cannot bear it.
 That southern twang  that peculiar rhythm  those strange stories the music drives us a little crazy.
Perfect  Claude said.
 So what song s it going to be.
After a little research  I procured a record from the jukebox of one of the Saigon bars popular with white soldiers.
  Hey  Good Lookin   was by the famous Hank Williams  the country music icon whose nasal voice personified the utter whiteness of the music  at least to our ears.
 Even someone as exposed to American culture as I shivered a little on hearing this record  somewhat scratchy from having been played so many times.
 Country music was the most segregated kind of music in America  where even whites played jazz and even blacks sang in the opera.
 Something like country music was what lynch mobs must have enjoyed while stringing up their black victims.
 Country music was not necessarily lynching music  but no other music could be imagined as lynching s accompaniment.
 Beethoven s Ninth was the opus for Nazis  concentration camp commanders  and possibly President Truman as he contemplated atomizing Hiroshima  classical music the refined score for the high-minded extermination of brutish hordes.
 Country music was set to the more humble beat of the redblooded  bloodthirsty American heartland.
 It was for fear of being beaten to this beat that black soldiers avoided the Saigon bars where their white comrades kept the jukeboxes humming with Hank Williams and his kind  sonic signposts that said  in essence  No Niggers.
It was with confidence  then  that I chose this song to be played on an endless loop in the prisoner s room except for the times when I was in it.
 Claude had assigned me to be the chief interrogator  the task of breaking the prisoner my graduation exam from his interrogation course.
 We kept the prisoner in the room for a week before I even saw him  nothing interrupting the constant light and music except the opening of a slot in his door three times a day  when his meal was shoved through: a bowl of rice  one hundred grams of boiled greens  fifty grams of boiled meat  twelve ounces of water.
 If he behaved well  we told him  we would give him the food of his choice.
 I watched him on the video feed as he ate his food  as he squatted over his hole  as he washed himself from his bucket  as he paced his room  as he lay on his bed with his forearm over his eyes  as he did push-ups and sit-ups  and as he plugged his ears with his fingers.
 When he did so  I turned up the volume  forced to do something with Claude standing by my side.
 When he took his fingers out of his ears and I lowered the volume  he looked up at one of the cameras and shouted in English  Fuck you  Americans.
Claude chuckled.
 At least he s talking.
 It s the ones who don t say anything you really have to worry about.
He was the leader of cell C-7 of terrorist unit Z-99.
 Based in the secret zone of Binh Duong Province  Z-99 was collectively responsible for hundreds of grenade attacks  minings  bombings  mortarings  and assassinations that had killed a few thousand and terrorized Saigon.
 Z-99 s trademark was the dual bomb attack  the second designed to kill the rescuers who came to help the victims of the first.
 Our prisoner s specialty was the adaptation of wristwatches as triggering devices for these improvised bombs.
 The second and hour hands were removed from a watch  a battery wire was inserted through a hole in the crystal  and the minute hand was set to the desired delay time.
 When the ticking minute hand touched the wire  the bomb detonated.
 Bombs were built from landmines  stolen from US supplies  or bought on the black market.
 Other bombs were assembled from TNT that was smuggled into the city in small quantities  hidden in hollowed-out pineapples and baguettes and the like  even in women s bras  which led to endless jokes among the Special Branch.
 We knew Z-99 had a watchmaker  and before we had known exactly who he was we called him the Watchman  which was how I thought of him.
The Watchman regarded me with amusement the first time I entered his room  a week after we began his treatment.
 It was not the reaction I expected.
 Hey  good lookin   he said in English.
 I sat on his chair and he on his bed  a tiny  shivering man with a full head of coarse hair  shockingly black in the white room.
 I appreciate the English lesson  he said  grinning at me.
 Keep playing that music.
 I love it.
 Of course he didn t.
 There was a glint in his eye  the briefest hint of unwellness  although that might have come from being a graduate of philosophy from the University of Saigon and the eldest son of a respectable Catholic family who had disowned him for his revolutionary activities.
Watchmaking of the legitimate kind for that was indeed his profession before he became a terrorist was simply to pay the bills  as he told me during our initial conversation.
 This was small talk  get-to-know-you kind of stuff  but lurking underneath the flirtation was our mutual awareness of our roles as prisoner and interrogator.
 My awareness was compounded by knowing that Claude was watching us on the video monitor.
 I was thankful for the airconditioning.
 Otherwise I would have been sweating  trying to figure out how to be both enemy and friend to the Watchman.
I laid out the charges against him of subversion  conspiracy  and murder  but emphasized that he was innocent until proven guilty  which made him laugh.
Your American puppet masters like to say that  but it s stupid  he said.
 History  humanity  religion  this war tells us exactly the reverse.
 We are all guilty until proven innocent  as even the Americans have shown.
 Why else do they believe everyone is really Viet Cong.
 Why else do they shoot first and ask questions later.
 Because to them all yellow people are guilty until proven innocent.
Americans are a confused people because they can t admit this contradiction.
They believe in a universe of divine justice where the human race is guilty of sin  but they also believe in a secular justice where human beings are presumed innocent.
 You can t have both.
 You know how Americans deal with it.
 They pretend they are eternally innocent no matter how many times they lose their innocence.
 The problem is that those who insist on their innocence believe anything they do is just.
 At least we who believe in our own guilt know what dark things we can do.
I was impressed with his understanding of American culture and psychology  but I could not show it.
 Instead  I said  So you would rather be presumed guilty.
If you haven t understood that your masters already believe me to be guilty and will treat me as such  then you re not as smart as you think you are.
 But that is hardly a surprise.
 You re a bastard  and like all hybrids you are defective.
In retrospect  I do not believe he meant to insult me.
 Like most philosophers  he simply lacked social skills.
 In his graceless way  he was merely stating what he and many others thought to be scientific fact.
 And yet  in that white room  I admit that I saw red.
 I could have dragged out this interrogation for years if I wanted to  asking him relentless questions that led nowhere as I tried  seemingly  to find his weakness  secretly keeping him safe.
 But instead all I wanted at that moment was to prove to him that I was  indeed  as smart as I thought I was  which meant smarter than him.
 Between the two of us  only one could be the master.
 The other had to be the slave.
How did I prove this to him.
 One night in my quarters  after my rage had cooled and hardened  it struck me that I  the bastard  understood him  the philosopher  with perfect clarity.
 A person s strength was always his weakness  and vice versa.
 The weakness was there to be seen if one could see it.
 In the Watchman s case  he was the revolutionary willing to walk away from the most important thing to a Vietnamese and a Catholic  his family  for whom the only acceptable sacrifice was for God.
 His strength was in his sacrifice  and that had to be destroyed.
 I sat down immediately at my desk and wrote the Watchman s confession for him.
 He read my scenario the next morning in disbelief  then read it again before glaring at me.
 You re saying that I m saying I m a faggot.
Homosexual  I corrected.
 You re going to spread filth about me.
 he said.
 Lies.
have never been a faggot.
 I have never dreamed of being a faggot.
 This this is dirty.
 His voice rose and his face flushed.
 To have me say I joined the revolution because I loved a man.
 To say this was why I ran away from my family.
 That my faggotry explains my love for philosophy.
 That being a faggot is the reason for my wish to destroy society.
 That I betrayed the revolution so I could save the man I loved  who you have captured.
 No one will believe this.
Then no one will care when we publish it in the newspapers along with your lover s confession and intimate photographs of the two of you.
You will never get me in such a photograph.
The CIA has remarkable talents with hypnosis and drugs.
 He fell silent.
continued: When the newspapers cover this  you realize it s not only your revolutionary comrades who will condemn you.
 The road back to your family will be closed forever  too.
 They might accept a reformed revolutionary  or even a victorious one  but they will never accept a homosexual no matter what happens to our country.
 You ll be a man who sacrificed everything for nothing.
You will not even be a memory to your comrades or your family.
 At least if you talk to me this confession won t be published.
 Your reputation will stay intact until the day the war is over.
 I stood up.
 Think about it.
 He said nothing and did nothing except stare at his confession.
 I paused at the door.
 Still think I m a bastard.
No  he said tonelessly.
 You re just an asshole.
Why had I done that.
 In my white room  I had nothing but time on my hands to ponder this event I had whitewashed from my mind  the event to which I am confessing now.
 The Watchman had infuriated me  pushing me into irrational action with his pseudoscientific judgment.
 But he would not have been able to do so if I had simply executed my role as the mole.
 Instead  I confess I took pleasure in doing what I was supposed to do and not supposed to do  interrogate him until he broke  as Claude had requested.
 He replayed the scene for me later in the surveillance room  where I watched myself watching the Watchman as he stared at his confession  knowing he was out of time  a character in a movie  as it were  that Claude had produced and I had directed.
 The Watchman could not represent himself; I had represented him.
Brilliant work  Claude said.
 You really fucked this guy.
I was a good student.
 I knew what my teacher wanted and  more than that  I enjoyed his praise at the expense of the bad student.
 For wasn t that what the Watchman was.
 He had learned what the Americans taught  but he had rejected those teachings outright.
 I was more sympathetic to the thinking of Americans  and I confess that I could not help but see myself in their place as I broke the Watchman.
 He threatened them  and thus  to some extent  me.
 But the satisfaction I had at his expense did not last long.
 In the end  he would show everyone what it was that a bad student could accomplish.
 He would outsmart me by proving that it was possible to sabotage the means of production that you did not own  to destroy the representation that owned you.
 His final move happened one morning a week after I had shown him his confession  when I got a call at the officers  quarters from the guard in the surveillance room.
 By the time I reached the National Interrogation Center  Claude was also there.
 The Watchman was curled up on his white bed  facing the white wall  clad in his white shorts and T-shirt.
 When we rolled him over  his face was purple and his eyes bulged.
 Deep in his open mouth  at the back of his throat  a white lump.
just went to the bathroom  the guard blubbered.
 He was eating breakfast.
 What was he going to do in two minutes.
 What the Watchman had done was choke himself to death.
 He had been on good behavior for the past week  and we had rewarded him with what he wanted for breakfast.
 I like hard-boiled eggs  he said.
So he had peeled and eaten the first two before swallowing the third one whole  shell and all.
 Hey  good lookin  .
Turn off that goddamn music  Claude said to the guard.
Time had stopped for the Watchman.
 What I did not realize until I woke up in my own white room was that time had stopped for me  too.
 I could see that other white room with utter clarity from my own  my eye peering through a camera in the corner  watching Claude and myself standing over the Watchman.
 It s not your fault  said Claude.
 Even I didn t think about this.
 He patted my shoulder reassuringly but I said nothing  the smell of sulfur driving everything out of my mind except for the thought that I was not a bastard  I was not a bastard  I was not  I was not  I was not  unless  somehow  I was.
By the time I emerged from the hospital  my services were no longer needed  and I was not invited back to the set for the mopping-up operation that took place after the shooting was completed.
 Instead  I found that an airplane ticket had been reserved for my instant departure from the Philippines  and I spent the entire trip brooding over the problem of representation.
 Not to own the means of production can lead to premature death  but not to own the means of representation is also a kind of death.
 For if we are represented by others  might they not  one day  hose our deaths off memory s laminated floor.
 Still smarting from my wounds even now  I cannot help but wonder  writing this confession  whether I own my own representation or whether you  my confessor  do.
The sight of Bon waiting for me at the Los Angeles airport made me feel a little better.
 He looked exactly the same  and when I opened our apartment door I was relieved to see that while it had not improved  neither had it worsened.
 The Frigidaire remained our decrepit diorama s main attraction  thoughtfully stocked by Bon with enough beer to cure me of my jet lag  though not enough to cure me of the unexpected sadness massaged into my pores.
 I was still awake when he went to sleep  leaving me with the latest letter from my Parisian aunt.
 Before I retired  I dutifully composed my report to her.
 The Hamlet was complete  I wrote.
 But  more important  the Movement had established a revenue source.
A restaurant.
 I had said when Bon broke the news over our first round of beer.
That s what I said.
 Madame s actually a good cook.
Hers was the last decent Vietnamese food I had eaten  reason enough for me to call the General the next day and congratulate him on Madame s new enterprise.
 As expected  he urged me to come for a welcome back meal at the restaurant  which I found on Chinatown s Broadway  bracketed by a tea shop and an herbalist.
 Once we had surrounded the Chinese in Cholon  the General said from behind his cash register.
 Now we re surrounded by them.
 He sighed  his hands resting on the keys of the register  ready to bash out a harsh tune on that makeshift piano.
 Remember when I came here with nothing.
 Of course I remember  I said  even though the General had not actually come here with nothing.
 Madame had sewn a considerable number of gold ounces into the lining of her clothes and her children s  and the General had strapped a money belt full of dollars around his waist.
 But amnesia was as American as apple pie  and it was much preferred by Americans over both humble pie and the fraught foods of foreign intruders.
 Like us  Americans were suspicious of unfamiliar food  which they identified with the strangers who brought them.
 We instinctively knew that in order for Americans to find refugees like us acceptable  they first had to find our food digestible  not to mention affordable and pronounceable .
 Because it was no easy thing to overcome this digestive skepticism or make a profit from it  a dimension of courage existed in General and Madame s enterprise  as I told him.
Courageous.
 I find it degrading.
 Did you ever foresee the day when I would own a restaurant.
 The General gestured at the small confines of what had previously been a chop suey house  brown measles of grease still speckling the walls.
 No  sir  I said.
 Well  neither did I.
 It could at least have been a nice restaurant  instead of this.
 He spoke with such pathetic resignation I felt a renewed sympathy for him.
 Nothing had been done to renovate the restaurant  the linoleum floor battered  the yellow paint dull  the overhead lighting flat and harsh.
 The waiters were  he pointed out  veterans.
 That one s Special Forces  and that one s Airborne.
 In trucker caps and ill-fitting dress shirts that must have been rummaged from a thrift store  or bestowed on them by a strapping sponsor  the waiters did not look like killers.
 They looked like the anonymous men with bad haircuts who delivered Chinese takeout  the men who waited nervously in hospital emergency rooms without insurance  who fled the scenes of car accidents because they did not have licenses or registration.
 They wobbled as much as the table that the General led me to  its base uneven.
 Madame herself brought me a bowl of the pho special and joined us  both watching me eat one of the best examples I had ever indulged in of our national soup.
 It s still delicious  I said after the first sip and bite.
 Madame remained unmoved  as glum as her husband.
 You should be proud of such .
 such soup.
We should be proud of selling soup.
 Madame said.
 Or owning a hole-in-thewall.
 That s what one of our customers called this place.
 We don t even own it  said the General.
 We lease it.
 Their moroseness was matched by their appearance.
 Madame s hair was pinned back in a librarian s stale bun  when before it had almost always been worn in a glamorous bouffant or beehive that recalled the go-go days of the early sixties.
 She  like the General  wore off-therack clothing consisting of a mannish polo shirt  shapeless khakis  and the American footwear of choice  sneakers.
 They wore  in short  what almost every other middle-aged American couple I had encountered at the supermarket  the post office  or the gas station wore.
 The sartorial impression was to make them  like many American adults  look like overgrown children  the effect enhanced when these adults were spotted  as they often were  sucking on extra-large sodas.
These petit bourgeois restaurateurs were not the aristocratic patriots I had lived with for five years and for whom I felt not only some fear but also a degree of affection.
 Their sadness was my sadness  too  so I turned the conversation toward a topic I knew might lift their spirits.
So  I said  what s this about the restaurant funding the revolution.
A wonderful idea  isn t it.
 said the General  brightening.
 Seeing Madame s eyes turn to the ceiling  I suspected that it was  in fact  her idea.
 Hole-in-the-wall or not  this is the first such restaurant in this city  he said.
 Perhaps even in this country.
 As you can see  our countrymen are starving for a taste of home.
Although it was only eleven thirty in the morning  every table and booth was occupied by people eating soup with chopsticks in one hand and spoon in the other.
 The restaurant was redolent with the fragrance of home and resonant with its sounds  the chatter of our native tongue competing with heartfelt slurping.
This is a nonprofit enterprise  so to speak  said the General.
 All profits go to the Movement.
When I asked who knew about this  Madame said  Everyone and no one.
 It s a secret  but an open secret.
 People come here and their soup is spiced with the idea they re helping the revolution.
 As for the revolution  the General said  everything is almost in place  even the uniforms.
 Madame is in charge of those  as well as the women s auxiliary and the making of flags.
 What a spectacle she can create.
 You missed the Tet celebration she organized in Orange County.
You should have seen it.
 I have photos to show you.
 How the people cried and cheered when they saw our men in camouflage and uniform  carrying our flag.
We ve assembled the first companies of volunteers  all veterans.
 They train every weekend.
 From this group  we re going to cull the best for the next step.
He leaned over the table to whisper the rest.
 We re sending a reconnaissance team to Thailand.
 They ll link up with our forward field base and reconnoiter a path overland to Vietnam.
 Claude says the time is nearly right.
I poured myself a cup of tea.
 Is Bon a part of this team.
Of course.
 I hate to lose such a good worker  but he s the best we have for this kind of work.
 What do you think.
I was thinking that the only route overland from Thailand involved trekking through Laos or Cambodia  avoiding established roads and choosing the treacherous terrain of disease-ridden jungles  forests  and mountains where the only inhabitants would be brooding monkeys  man-eating tigers  and hostile  frightened locals unlikely to give aid.
 These badlands were the perfect setting for a movie  and a horrible one for a mission that was almost certainly do or die.
would not have to tell Bon this.
 My crazy friend had volunteered not despite the fact that his chances of returning were slim  but because of them.
 I looked at my hand  at the red scar engraved there.
 I was suddenly aware of the outline of my body  of the sensation of the chair underneath my thighs  of the fragility of the force holding together my body and my life.
 It would not take much to destroy that force  which most of us took for granted until the moment when we could not.
 What I think  I said  not allowing myself to deliberate any further  is that if Bon is going I should go  too.
The General clapped his hands together in delight and turned to Madame.
What did I tell you.
 I knew he would volunteer.
 Captain  I never had any doubt.
But you know as well as I that you ll do better staying here and working with me on the planning and logistics  not to mention the fund-raising and the diplomacy.
I ve told the Congressman the community is gathering funds to send an aid team to help the refugees in Thailand.
 That is  in a sense  what we re doing  but we ll need to continue persuading our supporters of that cause.
Or at least give them a reason to pretend to believe that is our cause  I said.
The General nodded with satisfaction.
 Exactly right.
 I know you re disappointed  but it s for the best.
 You ll be more useful here than there  and Bon can take care of himself.
 Now look  it s nearly noon.
 I think it s the right time for a beer  don t you.
Visible over Madame s shoulder was a clock  hanging on the wall between a flag and a poster.
 The poster was for a new brand of beer  featuring three bikiniclad young women sprouting breasts the size and shape of children s balloons; the flag was of the defeated Republic of Vietnam  three bold red horizontal stripes on a vivid field of yellow.
 This was the flag  as the General had noted more than once to me  of the free Vietnamese people.
 I had seen the flag countless times before  and posters like that one often  but I had never seen this type of clock  carved from hardwood into the shape of our homeland.
 For this clock that was a country  and this country that was a clock  the minute and hour hands pivoted in the south  the numbers of the dial a halo around Saigon.
 Some craftsman in exile had understood that this was exactly the timepiece his refugee countrymen desired.
 We were displaced persons  but it was time more than space that defined us.
 While the distance to return to our lost country was far but finite  the number of years it would take to close that distance was potentially infinite.
Thus  for displaced people  the first question was always about time: When can I return.
Speaking of punctuality  I said to Madame  your clock is set to the wrong time.
No  she said  rising to fetch the beer.
 It s set to Saigon time.
Of course it was.
 How could I not have seen it.
 Saigon time was fourteen hours off  although if one judged time by this clock  it was we who were fourteen hours off.
 Refugee  exile  immigrant whatever species of displaced human we were  we did not simply live in two cultures  as celebrants of the great American melting pot imagined.
 Displaced people also lived in two time zones  the here and the there  the present and the past  being as we were reluctant time travelers.
 But while science fiction imagined time travelers as moving forward or backward in time  this timepiece demonstrated a different chronology.
 The open secret of the clock  naked for all to see  was that we were only going in circles.
After lunch  I debriefed the General and Madame on my Philippine adventures  which simultaneously lightened their gloominess and heightened their sense of resentment.
 Resentment was an antidote to gloominess  as it was for sadness  melancholy  despair  etc.
 One way to forget a certain kind of pain was to feel another kind of pain  as when the doctor examining you for mandatory military service  an exam that you never fail  unless you are afflicted by wealth  slaps you on one butt cheek while injecting you in the other cheek.
 The one thing I did not tell the General and Madame besides myself nearly meeting the fate of one of those roasted ducks hung from its anus in the neighboring Chinese eatery s window was that I had been paid compensation for my near butchering.
 The morning after the extras had come bearing gifts  I had received two other visitors  Violet and a tall  thin white man in a powder-blue suit  his paisley tie as fat as Elvis Presley and his shirt the rich yellow color of urine after a meal of asparagus.
 How do you feel.
 she asked.
 All white  I whispered  although I could speak perfectly fine.
 She looked at me suspiciously and said  We re all concerned about you.
 He wanted you to know he would have come himself but President Marcos is visiting the set today.
He who did not need to be named was  of course  the Auteur.
 I merely nodded  sagely and sadly  and said  I understand  though the mere mention of him infuriated me.
 This is the best hospital in Manila  the man in the suit said  flashing a searchlight of a smile onto my face.
 We all want the best possible care for you.
 How are you feeling.
 To tell you the truth  I said  proceeding to lie  I feel terrible.
 What a shame  he said.
 Let me introduce myself.
 He produced a pristine white business card with edges so sharp I feared a paper cut.
 I am a representative for the film studio.
 We want you to know we are paying all the bills for your hospital care.
What happened.
You don t remember.
 Violet asked.
An explosion.
 A lot of explosions.
It was an accident.
 I have the report here  said the representative  lifting a liver-colored briefcase high enough for me to see its gleaming gold buckles.
Such efficiency.
 I skimmed the report.
 Its details were not as significant as what its existence proved  that fast work of this type  as in our homeland  was only possible by an application of grease to the palms.
Am I lucky to be alive.
Extremely lucky  he said.
 You have your life  your well-being  and a check in my briefcase for the sum of five thousand dollars.
 According to the medical reports I ve seen  you suffered smoke inhalation  some scrapes and bruises  a few mild burns  a bump on your head  and a concussion.
 Nothing broken  nothing ruptured  nothing permanent.
 But the studio wants to ensure that all your needs are met.
 The representative opened the briefcase and produced a stapled document of white papers and a long slip of green paper  the check.
 Of course  you will have to sign a receipt  as well as this document releasing the studio from any future obligations.
Was five thousand dollars the worth of my miserable life.
 Admittedly it was a considerable amount  more than I had ever seen at any one time.
 That was what they were counting on  but even in my dazed state  I knew better than to settle for the first offer.
 Thank you for this generous pledge  I said.
 It is decent of the studio to worry on my behalf  to be so concerned with me.
 But as you may know  or maybe you do not  I am my extended family s principal support.
 Five thousand dollars is wonderful if I thought only of myself  but an Asian here I paused and allowed a faraway look to come into my eyes  the better to give them time to imagine the vast genealogical banyan tree extending above me  overshadowing me with the oppressive weight of generations come to root on the top of my head an Asian cannot think just about himself.
So I ve heard  said the representative.
 The family is everything.
 Like us Italians.
Yes  you Italians.
 The Asian must think of his mother  his father.
 His siblings  his grandparents.
 His cousins  his village.
 If word got out of my good luck .
would be endless.
 The favors.
 The requests for fifty dollars here  a hundred dollars there.
 Hands tugging at me from all directions.
 I could not decline.
you see the situation I find myself in.
 It would be better to take none of the money.
 I would spare myself these emotional hardships.
 Or the alternative.
have enough money to take care of all those favors as well as myself.
The representative waited for me to continue  but I waited for him to reply.
last he gave in and said  Not being aware of the complications of Asian families  I am also not aware of the appropriate sum that might satisfy all your familial obligations  which I understand are important to your culture  and which I respect greatly.
I waited for him to continue  but he waited for me to reply.
 I cannot be certain  I said.
 But although without certainty  I believe twenty thousand dollars would suffice.
 To satisfy any needs of my relatives.
 Anticipated and unanticipated.
Twenty thousand dollars.
 The representative s eyebrows performed a graceful yoga pose  arching their backs in disturbingly steep concern.
 Oh  if you only knew the actuarial charts as I know them.
 For twenty thousand dollars you must lose at least a finger or  preferably  a larger appendage.
 If we are speaking of less visible matters  a vital organ or one of your five senses will do.
But in fact  ever since I had awoken from the explosion  something had been nagging at me that I could not name  an itch that was not physical.
 Now I knew what it was I had forgotten something  but what that something was  I did not know.
 Of the three types of forgetting  this was the worst.
 To know what one had forgotten was common  as was the case with dates of history  mathematical formulas  and people s names.
 To forget without knowing one has forgotten must be even more common  or maybe less  but it is merciful: in this case one cannot realize what is lost.
 But to know that one has forgotten something without knowing what that something was made me shudder.
 I have lost something  I said  pain getting the better of me and making itself audible in my voice.
 I ve lost a piece of my mind.
Violet and the representative exchanged glances.
 I m afraid I don t understand  he said.
A portion of my memory  I said  completely erased  from the explosion until now.
Unfortunately  you may find that hard to prove.
How to prove to someone else that one has forgotten something  or that one has known something and now no longer knows it.
 Nevertheless  I persisted with the representative.
 Even in my bedridden state  the old instincts remained.
Like rolling one s own cigarettes  or rolling one s R s  lying was a skill and a habit not easily forgotten.
 This was true also for the representative  whose kindred tricky spirit I recognized.
 In negotiations  as in interrogations  a lie was not only acceptable but also expected.
 All sorts of situations exist where one tells lies in order to reach an acceptable truth  and our conversation continued thus until we agreed on the mutually acceptable sum of ten thousand dollars  which  if being only half what I asked for  was twice their original offer.
 After the representative wrote a new check  I signed the documents and we traded farewell pleasantries that were worth as little as the trading cards of unknown baseball players.
 At the door  Violet paused with her hand on the knob  looked over her shoulder at me was there ever a more romantic pose  even with a woman such as her.
 and said  You know we couldn t have done this movie without you.
To believe her was to believe in a femme fatale  in an elected official  in little green men from outer space  in the benevolence of the police  in holy men like my father  who not only had holes in his socks but also had a hole somewhere in his soul.
 But I wanted to believe  and what did it hurt to believe in her little white lie.
 Nothing.
 I was left with the beat of a trashy discotheque in my head and a green check that proved I was somebody  worth more dead than alive.
 All it cost me  unless they had lied  was a lump on my head and a portion of my memory  something of which I already had too much.
 Even so  why did I suspect that an operation had been performed on me while I was under the influence  leaving me with numbness more disturbing than pain.
 Why did I feel some phantom limb of memory  an absence on which I kept trying to rest my weight.
Returning to California with these questions unanswered  I cashed my check and left half in my heretofore barren bank account.
 The day I visited the General and Madame  the other half was in an envelope in my pocket.
 Later that afternoon I drove to Monterey Park  where  amid that city s suburbs  soft and bland as tofu  I had an appointment with the crapulent major s widow.
 I confess that my plan was to give her the money in my pocket  money that I admit could have been used for more revolutionary purposes.
 But what is more revolutionary than helping one s enemy and his kin.
 What is more radical than forgiveness.
Of course he was not the one asking for forgiveness; I was  for what I had done to him.
 There was no sign of what I had done to him in the carport  nor did the apartment building s microclimate shimmer with the atmospheric disturbance of his ghost.
 Although I did not believe in God  I believed in ghosts.
 I knew this to be true because while I did not fear God  I feared ghosts.
 God would never appear to me whereas the crapulent major s ghost had  and when his door opened  I held my breath  fearing that it might be his hand on the doorknob.
 But it was only his widow who was there to greet me  a poor woman whom bereavement had thickened rather than starved.
Captain.
 It s so good to see you.
 She invited me to sit on her floral sofa  covered in transparent plastic that squeaked whenever I shifted my weight.
Already waiting for me on the coffee table were a pot of Chinese tea and a plate of French ladyfingers.
 Have a ladyfinger  she urged  pressing the treats on me.
knew the brand  the exact company that manufactured the petit écolier biscuits of my childhood.
 No one could make a guilty pleasure like the French.
Ladyfingers had been my mother s favorite  given to her by my father as a lure  although she used the word  gift  when she mentioned it to me in my teenage years.
 I had enough consciousness to realize what a priest bearing ladyfingers to a child meant  for my mother was nothing but a child at thirteen when my father came wooing.
 In some cultures today or in the past  thirteen was good enough for mattress  marriage  and motherhood  or perhaps just two out of three on some occasions  but not in contemporary France or our homeland.
 Not that I did not understand my father  who at the time he fathered me was a few years older than I was now with a ladyfinger melting in my mouth.
 A girl at thirteen I admit to having thoughts on occasion about particularly mature American girls  some of whom at thirteen were more developed than college girls in our homeland.
 But these were thoughts  not deeds.
 We would all be in Hell if convicted of our thoughts.
Have another ladyfinger  the crapulent major s widow urged  picking one up and leaning forward to thrust it in my face.
 She would have forced that sweet digit between my lips with maternal urgency but I intercepted her hand  taking the ladyfinger for myself.
 They re delicious  absolutely delicious  I said.
 Let me just have a sip of tea first.
 At this  the good lady burst into tears.
 What s the matter.
 I said.
 Those are the exact words he d say  she said  which made me nervous  as if the crapulent major was even now manipulating me from behind the curtain separating the theater of life from the backstage of the afterlife.
I miss him so much.
 she cried.
 I squeaked my way across the plastic expanse between us and patted her on the shoulder as she wept.
 I could not help but see the crapulent major as I last encountered him in person if not in spirit  on his back with the third eye in his forehead  his other eyes open and blank.
 If God did not exist  then neither did divine punishment  but this meant nothing to ghosts who did not need God.
 I did not need to confess to a God I did not believe in  but I did need to appease the soul of a ghost whose face even now gazed at me from the altar on the side table.
 There in full cadet uniform was the young crapulent major  photographed at that phase before his first chin even dreamed of grandfathering a third chin  dark eyes staring at me as I comforted his widow.
All he had to eat in the afterlife was a navel orange frosted with mold  a dusty can of Spam  and a roll of Lifesavers  arrayed in front of his photograph and illuminated by the incongruous  blinking Christmas lights she had hung on the altar s edge.
 Inequality ruled even in the afterlife  where the descendants of the rich feted them with heaping platters of fresh fruit  bottles of champagne  and cans of pâté.
 Genuinely devoted descendants burned paper offerings that included not only the usual cutouts of cars and homes  but also Playboy centerfolds.
 The hot body of a pliant woman was what a man wanted in the cold  long afterlife  and I swore to the crapulent major I would make him an offering of the fantastic  pneumatic Miss June.
To his widow  I said  I promised your husband that if the need ever arose I would do my utmost to take care of you and your children.
 Everything else I told her was the truth  my supposed accident in the Philippines and my reward  half of it in the envelope I pressed on her.
 She resisted gracefully but when I said  Think of the children  she gave in.
 There was nothing after that but to surrender to her demand that I see the children.
 They were in the bedroom  asleep as all children should be.
 They re my joy  she whispered as we gazed down on the twins.
 They re keeping me alive in these difficult days  Captain.
 Thinking about them I don t think about myself so much  or my dear  beloved husband.
 I said  They re beautiful  which may or may not have been a lie.
 They were not beautiful to me  but they were beautiful to her.
 I admit to not being an aficionado of children  having been one and having found my cohort and myself generally despicable.
 Unlike many  I was not intent on reproducing myself  deliberately or accidentally  since one of myself was more than enough for me to handle.
 But these children  just a year old  were still unconscious of their guilt.
 In their sleeping  alien faces I could see them as the naked and easily frightened new immigrants they were  so recently exiled into our world.
The only advantage I had over these twins was that I had had a father in my childhood to teach me about guilt  and they would not.
 My father taught classes for the children of the diocese  which my mother forced me to attend.
 In his schoolroom I learned my Bible and the history of my divine Father  the story of my Gallic forefathers  and the catechism of the Catholic Church.
 At that time  when my years could be counted on the fingers of two hands  I was naive and ignorant of the fact that this father in his black cassock  this holy man who sweated in his unnatural garb to save us from our tropical sins  was also my father.
 When I did know  it recast everything I learned from him  beginning with this most basic tenet of our faith  drilled into our young platoon of Catholics by the father as he walked before our class  reading our lips as we collectively droned the answer: Q.
 What is the sin called that we inherit from our first parents.
 The sin that we inherit from our first parents is called Original Sin.
For me  the truly important Question that had always preoccupied me was related to this Original Sin  for it concerned my father s identity.
 I was eleven when I learned the Answer  my knowledge triggered by an incident on the dusty grounds of the church after Sunday school  a territory where we children reenacted on one another many a biblical atrocity.
 As we watched the father s imported bulldog thrust away at a whining female companion in the shade of a eucalyptus tree  his tongue hanging  the pink balloon of his enormous scrotum swinging back and forth with hypnotic rhythm  one of my more knowledgeable classmates offered a supplement to this lesson in sex education.
 A dog and a bitch  that s natural  he said.
 But him and here he turned scornful eyes and finger on me he s like what happens when a cat and a dog do that.
 Everyone s attention turned to me.
 I stood there as if on a boat drifting away from the shore where they all waited  seeing myself through the eyes of others as a creature neither dog nor cat  neither human nor animal.
A dog and a cat  this little comedian said to me.
 A dog and a cat  When I punched him in the nose  the comedian bled but was silent  shocked  his eyes momentarily crossed as he tried to see the damage.
 When I punched him again in the nose  the blood gushed  and this time the comedian cried out loudly.
I punched him again  working my way from ears to cheeks to solar plexus and then to the hunched shoulders that he drew up around his head to protect himself when he fell to the ground and I fell on top of him.
 Our peers gathered around us  yelling  screaming  and laughing as I continued to pummel him until my knuckles stung.
 Not a single one of these witnesses offered to intervene on behalf of the comedian  who finally stopped me when his sobs began sounding like the strangled laughter of someone hearing the best joke ever told.
 When I stood up  the yelling  screaming  and laughing subsided  and in the adorable faces of those little monsters I could see fear  if not respect.
 I walked home in confusion  wondering what  exactly  I had learned  unable to put it into words.
My mind had no room for anything but the obscene picture of a dog mounting a cat  her animal face replaced by that of no one else but my mother  an image so upsetting that when I arrived home and saw her I burst into tears and confessed everything that had transpired that afternoon.
My child  my child  you are not unnatural  my mother said  clutching me to her as I sobbed against the cushion of her bosom  musky with her distinct fragrance.
 You are God s gift to me.
 Nothing or no one could be more natural.
Now listen to me  child.
 When I looked up into her eyes through the mist of my tears  I saw that she  too  was weeping.
 You have always wanted to know who your father is  and I told you that when you knew  you would be a man.
 You would have to say good-bye to your childhood.
 Are you sure you want to know.
When a mother asks her boy if he is ready to be a man  can he say anything else but yes.
 So I nodded and held her tight  my chin on her breast and my cheek on her collarbone.
You must not tell anyone what I am about to tell you.
 Your father is .
She said his name.
 Seeing the confusion in my eyes  she said  I was very young when I was his maid.
 He was always very kind to me  and I was grateful.
He taught me how to read and how to count in his language  when my parents couldn t afford to send me to school.
 We spent a great deal of time together in the evenings  and he would tell me stories of France and his childhood.
 I could see he was very lonely.
 He was the only one of his kind in our village  and it seemed to me that I was the only one of my kind  too.
I broke away from my mother s bosom  covering my ears.
 I no longer wanted to hear  but I was mute  and my mother continued talking.
 I no longer wanted to see  but images floated before me even though I closed my eyes.
 He taught me the Word of God  she said  and I learned to read and to count by studying the Bible and memorizing the Ten Commandments.
 We read sitting at each other s side at his table  by lamplight.
 And one night .
 but you see  that is why you are not unnatural  child.
 God Himself sent you  because God would never have permitted what happened between your father and me unless He had some role for you in His Great Plan.
 That is what I believe and what you must  too.
 You have a Destiny.
 Remember that Jesus washed the feet of Mary Magdalene  and welcomed the lepers to his side  and stood against the Pharisees and the powerful.
 The meek shall inherit the earth  child  and you are one of the meek.
If my mother saw me now  standing over the crapulent major s children  would she still think me one of the meek.
 And as for these sleeping children  how long would they stay unawake to the guilt they already bore  to the sins and crimes they were doomed to commit.
 Was it not possible that each of them in his little heart  as they tussled next to each other for their mother s breasts  had already yearned  however briefly  for the disappearance of the other.
 But the widow was not waiting for an answer to these questions as she stood next to me  peering down at her womb s wonders.
 She was waiting for me to sprinkle on them the holy water of meaningless compliments  a necessary baptism that I reluctantly gave and that so delighted the widow she insisted on cooking me dinner.
 I needed little encouragement  given my steady diet of frozen foods  and it soon became clear why the crapulent major had grown ever fatter under her love.
 Her shaking beef was beyond compare  her stir-fried morning glory evoked my mother s  her winter melon soup soothed my guilty agitation.
 Even her white rice was fluffier than what I usually ate  the equivalent of goose down when I had slept for years on synthetic fiber.
 she cried  and in that command it was impossible not to hear my mother s voice urging the same no matter how meager our spread.
 So I ate until I could eat no more  and when I was done  she insisted there was still the unfinished plate of ladyfingers.
Afterward I drove to a nearby liquor store  an immigrant outpost operated by an impassive Sikh with an impressive handlebar mustache I could never hope to replicate.
 I bought a copy of Playboy  a carton of Marlboro cigarettes  and an achingly lovely see-through bottle of Stolichnaya vodka.
 That name  with its echoes of Lenin  Stalin  and Kalashnikov  made me feel better about my capitalist indulgences.
 Vodka was one of the three things the Soviet Union made that were suitable for export  not counting political exiles; the other two were weapons and novels.
 Weapons I professionally admired  but vodka and novels I loved.
 A nineteenth-century Russian novel and vodka accompanied each other perfectly.
 Reading a novel while one sipped vodka legitimized the drink  while the drink made the novel seem much shorter than it truly was.
 I would have returned to the store to buy such a novel  but instead of The Brothers Karamazov it stocked Sgt.
 Rock comics.
It was then  hesitating in the parking lot with my arms wrapped protectively around my paper bag of treasures  that I spotted a pay phone.
 The urge to call Sofia Mori nagged at me.
 I had been delaying it for some perverse reason  playing hard to get even though she had no idea I was here to be gotten.
 Rather than waste a dime and call her  I jumped into my car and drove across the great expanse of Los Angeles.
 I felt somewhat at peace after having made my blood payment to the crapulent major s widow  and as I sped down the freeway  sparse with traffic in the postprandial hours  I heard the crapulent major s ghost chortling in my ear.
 I parked my car down the crowded street from Ms.
 Mori s apartment and took my paper bag of treasures with me  except for the Playboy  which I left in the rear seat for the crapulent major s ghost  opened to the centerfold of Miss June sprawled fetchingly on a stack of hay with nothing on except cowgirl boots and a neckerchief.
 Mori s neighborhood was as I remembered it  beige houses with fading toupees of lawn and gray apartment buildings with the institutional charm of army barracks.
 The lights glowed in her apartment  the scarlet curtains pulled shut.
 When she opened the door  the first thing I noticed was her hair  grown down to her shoulders and no longer permed but straight  rendering her younger than I remembered  an effect compounded by her simple clothes  a black T-shirt and blue jeans.
 It s you.
 she cried  opening her arms to me.
 When we embraced  it all came back  her use of baby powder instead of perfume  her perfect body temperature  her small  plush breasts  usually encased in bras well padded enough to handle fragile objects  but tonight free of all such restraint.
 Why didn t you call.
 Come in.
 She pulled me inside the familiar  minimally decorated apartment  furnished in the spirit of revolutionary self-denial she admired in the likes of Che Guevara and Ho Chi Minh  men who traveled light.
 The largest piece of furniture she owned was a foldable futon in the living room on which her black cat usually sat.
 This cat had always kept her distance from me.
 This was not due to fear or respect  for whenever Ms.
 Mori and I made love  the cat perched on the nightstand and evaluated my performance with disdainful green eyes  occasionally spreading a paw and licking between her bared claws.
 The cat was present  but she was not lounging directly on the futon.
 Instead she lay on the lap of Sonny  who sat on the futon with legs crossed underneath himself  barefooted.
 He grinned apologetically  but nevertheless exuded an aura of ownership as he shooed the cat off his lap and rose.
 It s good to see you again  old friend  he said  extending his hand.
 Sofia and I talk often about you.
What did I expect.
 I had been missing for seven months and had never once phoned  the extent of my communication a few scribbled postcards.
 As for Ms.
Mori  she was dedicated to neither monogamy nor man  much less to any one man in particular.
 She declared her allegiances through the most prominent furnishings in her living room  bookshelves bowed as the backs of coolies with the weight of Simone de Beauvoir  Anaïs Nin  Angela Davis  and other women who had wrestled with the Woman Question.
 Western men from Adam to Freud had also asked that question  although they had phrased it as  What does woman want.
  At least they had considered the subject.
 It occurred to me only then that we Vietnamese men never even bothered to ask what woman wanted.
 I had not even a germ of an idea about what Ms.
 Mori wanted.
 Perhaps I would have had a dim sense if I had read some of these books  but all I knew of them were the summaries found on their dust jackets.
 My intuition told me Sonny had actually read some of them in their entirety  and taking a seat next to him I could feel an anaphylactic reaction to his presence prickling on my skin  an eruption of hostility inflamed by his genial smile.
What do you have there.
 Sonny said  nodding at the paper bag on my lap.
Mori had gone to fetch another wineglass.
 A pair already sat on the coffee table  along with an open bottle of red wine  a corkscrew with the wine-bloodied cork still skewered on it  and a photo album.
 Cigarettes  I said  taking out the carton.
And vodka.
I had no choice but to offer Sonny the vodka  which he showed to Ms.
 Mori when she returned from the kitchen.
 You shouldn t have  she said brightly  putting it next to the bottle of wine.
 The beautiful  transparent Stolichnaya maintained a stoic Russian demeanor as we regarded it in silence.
 Every full bottle of alcohol has a message in it  a surprise that one will not discover until one drinks it.
 I had planned to read that bottle s message with Ms.
 Mori  as was obvious to her and Sonny  and we might have all simply sat there soaking in the frigid waters of embarrassment if it had not been for Ms.
 Mori s grace.
 It s very thoughtful of you  she said.
 Especially as we ve almost run out of cigarettes.
 I ll have one  if you don t mind.
So  Sonny said  how was your trip to the Philippines.
I want to hear all about it  Ms.
 Mori said  pouring me a glass of wine and refilling theirs.
 I ve always wanted to go ever since my uncle talked about his time there in the war.
 I cracked open the carton and offered her a cigarette  took one myself  and began my well-rehearsed tale.
 The cat yawned in regal contempt  climbed back onto Sonny s lap  stretched out  sneered at me  then fell asleep from boredom.
 I had the distinct impression that Sonny and Ms.
 Mori were only marginally more interested as they listened to me  smoked my cigarettes  and asked some polite questions.
 Dispirited  I did not even have the heart to tell them about my near-death experience  and my story tapered off without a climax.
 My gaze fell on the photo album  which was open to a page of black-and-white photos depicting middle-class scenes from a few decades earlier: a father and a mother at home in their lace-covered armchairs  their sons and daughters playing the piano  crocheting  gathered around a dining table for a meal  wearing the fashion and hairstyle of the thirties.
 Who are they.
 I said.
family  said Ms.
 Mori.
 Your family.
 The answer stupefied me.
 Of course I knew that Ms.
 Mori had a family  but she rarely talked about them  and certainly had never shown me photographs of them.
 All I knew was that they lived far north of here  in one of the dusty  hot San Joaquin valley towns.
 That s Betsy and that s Eleanor  Sonny said  leaning over to point at the relevant faces.
 Here s George and Abe.
 Poor Abe.
I looked at Ms.
 Mori  sipping her wine.
 He died in the war.
No  she said.
 He refused to go to war.
 So he got sent to prison instead.
 He s still bitter about it.
 Not that he shouldn t be.
 God knows I d probably be bitter if I were him.
 I d just like for him to be happier than he is.
 The war s thirty years past and it still lives with him  even though he didn t go and fight.
He fought  Sonny said.
 He just fought at home.
 Who can blame him.
 The government puts his family in a camp and then asks him to go fight for the country.
 I d be mad as hell  too.
A mist of smoke now separated the three of us.
 The faint eddies of our thoughts took fleeting  evanescent material shape  and for a brief moment a ghostly version of myself hovered over Sonny s head.
 Where s Abe now.
 I said.
Japan.
 Not that he s any happier there than he was here.
 After the war ended and he was freed  he thought he d go back to his people  the way that he d been told to all his life by white people  even though he was born here.
 So he went and found out that the people in Japan didn t think he was one of them  either.
To them he s one of us  and to us he s one of them.
 Neither one thing nor another.
Maybe our Department Chair can help him  I said.
God  I hope you re joking  said Ms.
 Mori.
 Of course I was joking  but as an unwilling partner in this complicated ménage à trois I was off my rhythm.
steadied myself by finishing my wine.
 When I looked at the wine bottle  I saw that it was empty.
 Would you like some of the vodka.
 Mori said.
 Her gaze was loaded with pity  which was ever only served lukewarm.
 Longing flooded the basement of my heart  and all I could do was nod mutely.
 She went to the kitchen and retrieved clean tumblers for the vodka while Sonny and I sat in awkward silence.
 The vodka  when served  was as pungent and wonderful as I had imagined it would be  the paint thinner I needed to strip down the stained  flaking walls of my interior.
Maybe we ll go to Japan someday  Sonny said.
 I d like to meet Abe.
I d like you to meet him  too  said Ms.
 Mori.
 He s a fighter just like you are.
Vodka was good for honesty  especially on ice  as mine was.
 Vodka on ice was so transparent  so clear  so powerful  it inspired its drinkers to be the same.
swallowed the rest of mine  preparing myself for the bruises sure to come.
There s something I ve always wondered since our college days  Sonny.
 You always talked then about how much you believed in the people and the revolution so much.
 You should have heard him  Ms.
 Mori.
 He gave very good speeches.
I would have liked to hear them  Ms.
 Mori said.
 Very much.
But if you had heard them  you would have asked yourself why he didn t go back and fight for the revolution he believed in.
 Or why he doesn t go back now and be a part of the people and the revolution tomorrow.
 Even your brother Abe went to prison and went to Japan for what he believed in.
And look where that s got him  said Ms.
 Mori.
I d just like an answer to my question  Sonny.
 Are you still here because you re in love with Ms.
 Mori.
 Or are you still here because you re afraid.
He winced.
 I had hit him where it hurt  in the solar plexus of his conscience  where everyone who was an idealist was vulnerable.
 Disarming an idealist was easy.
 One only needed to ask why the idealist was not on the front line of the particular battle he had chosen.
 The question was one of commitment  and I knew  even if he did not  that I was one of the committed.
 He looked at his bare feet  ashamed  but for some reason this had no effect on Ms.
 Mori.
 She only glanced at him with understanding  but when she turned her full gaze to me it remained marked by pity and something else regret.
 It was time to stop and make a graceful exit  but the vodka that could not drain fast enough through the plugged-up sinkhole in the basement of my heart compelled me to swim on.
 You always talked with so much admiration of the people  I said.
 If you want to be with the people so much  go home.
His home is here  Ms.
 Mori said.
 I had never wanted her more than she was now  smoking a cigarette and fighting back.
 He stayed here because the people are here  too.
 There s work to be done with them and for them.
 Can t you see that.
 Isn t this your home now  too.
Sonny laid his hand on her arm and said  Sofia.
 There was a lump in my throat but I could not swallow  watching her put her hand on his.
 Don t defend me.
He s right.
 I was right.
 I had never heard him say this before.
 I should have been joyful  but it was more and more evident that there was little I could say that would persuade Ms.
 Mori to turn her heart  or her mind  away from Sonny.
swallowed the rest of his vodka and said  I ve lived in this country for fourteen years now.
 In a few more years  I ll have spent as much time here as I have in our homeland.
 That was never my intention.
 I came here  like you  just to study.
I remember so clearly saying farewell to my parents at the airport and promising them that I would come back and help our country.
 I d have an American degree  the best education the world could offer.
 I d use that knowledge and help our people liberate themselves from the Americans.
 Or so I hoped.
He held out his glass to Ms.
 Mori  and she poured him a double.
 After taking a sip  he continued  looking somewhere between Ms.
 Mori and myself.
 What I learned  against my will  is that it s impossible to live among a foreign people and not become changed by them.
 He swirled his vodka and knocked it back in one punishing swallow.
 Sometimes I feel a little foreign to myself as a result  he said.
 I admit that I am afraid.
 I admit my cowardice  my hypocrisy  my weakness  and my shame.
 I admit that you are a better man than me.
 I don t agree with your politics I despise them but you went home when you had the choice and you fought the fight that you believed in.
 You stood up for the people as you see them.
 For that  I respect you.
I could not believe it.
 I had gotten him to confess to his failures and to surrender.
 I had won an argument with Sonny  something I had never done in our college days.
 So why was Ms.
 Mori clinging to his hand and murmuring something soothing.
 It s all right  she said.
 I know exactly how you feel.
 It s all right.
 I needed another drink.
 Look at me  Sonny  Ms.
 Mori went on.
 What am I.
 A secretary for a white man who thinks he s complimenting me when he calls me Miss Butterfly.
 Do I protest and tell him to go to hell.
 I smile and say nothing and continue typing.
 I m no better than you  Sonny.
 They stared into each other s eyes as if I did not exist.
 I refilled all of our glasses but it was only me who took a slug.
 The part that was me said  I love you  Ms.
 Mori.
 No one heard that.
 What they heard was the part I was playing say  It s never too late to fight  is it  Ms.
 Mori.
Their spell was broken.
 Sonny turned his gaze back to me.
 He had performed some kind of intellectual judo and turned my blow against myself.
 But he exhibited none of the triumph he would have in our college days.
 No  it s never too late to fight  he said  sober despite the wine and vodka.
 You are quite right about that  my friend.
 Yeah  Ms.
 Mori said.
 In the way she slowly exhaled that syllable  in the way she focused on Sonny with a hungry intensity never shown toward me  in the way she chose that word over yes  I knew it was all over between us.
 I had won the argument  but somehow  as in our college days  he had won the audience.
The General also thought it was never too late to fight  as I reported in the next letter to my Parisian aunt.
 He had found an isolated stretch of terrain to carry out the training and maneuvers for his nascent army  in the sun-exposed hills far east of Los Angeles  near a remote Indian reservation.
 Some two hundred men had driven themselves across the freeways and past the suburbs and exurbs to this stretch of scrubby land where  in the past  the mob might have buried a few of its victims.
 Our gathering was not as strange a thing as it might have appeared.
xenophobe would see a company of foreigners in camouflage uniforms  carrying out military drills and calisthenics  and might imagine us to be the lead element of some nefarious Asian invasion of the American homeland  a Yellow Peril in the Golden State  a diabolical dream of Ming the Merciless sprung to life.
 Far from it.
 The General s men  by preparing themselves to invade our now communist homeland  were in fact turning themselves into new Americans.
After all  nothing was more American than wielding a gun and committing oneself to die for freedom and independence  unless it was wielding that gun to take away someone else s freedom and independence.
Ten score of the best  the General had called these men in his restaurant  where he had sketched out for me the organization of his compact army on a napkin.
 I later pocketed that napkin and sent it to my Parisian aunt  the sketch depicting a headquarters platoon  three rifle platoons  and a heavy weapoons platoon  even though there were as yet no heavy weapons.
 No problem  said the General.
 Southeast Asia is awash in heavy weaponry.
 We ll get them there.
 Here the goal is to build discipline  harden bodies  prepare minds  get these volunteers to think of themselves as an army again  get them to imagine the future.
wrote down the names of the platoon commanders and the officers of his staff  explaining to me their histories: this one formerly the executive officer from such-and-such division  this one formerly a battalion commander of such-andsuch regiment  and so on.
 These details I transmitted to my Parisian aunt as well  this time in arduous code.
 I also paraphrased what the General told me  that these were all experienced men  down to the lowliest private.
 They ve all seen action back home  he said.
 All volunteers.
 I didn t put out a general call.
 I organized my officers first  had them contact men they trust who would be the noncommissioned officers  then had the NCOs find the enlisted men.
 It s taken over a year to collect this nucleus.
 Now we re ready for the next phase.
 Physical training  drilling  maneuvers  turning them into a fighting unit.
 Are you with me  Captain.
Always  sir.
 This was how I found myself in uniform again  although my task for the day was to be documentarian rather than foot soldier.
 The two hundred or so men sat Indian style on the earth  legs crossed  while the General stood before them and I stood behind them  camera in hand.
 Like his men  the General was uniformed in battle camouflage  purchased at an army surplus store and tailored by the Madame to fit.
 In his uniform  the General was no longer the morose proprietor of a liquor store and a restaurant  a petty bourgeois who counted his hopes as he did the change in his register.
 His uniform  his red beret  his polished field boots  the stars on his collar  and the Airborne patch on his sleeve had restored to him the nobility he had once possessed in our homeland.
 As for my uniform  it was a suit of armor cut from cloth.
 Though a bullet or knife would have sliced through the uniform with ease  I felt less vulnerable than in my everyday civilian clothes.
 If I was not bulletproof  I was at least charmed  as all the men were.
I photographed them from several different angles  these men who had been humbled by what they had been turned into here in exile.
 In their working outfits as busboys  waiters  gardeners  field hands  fishermen  manual laborers  custodians  or simply the un- and underemployed  these shabby examples of the lumpen blended into the background wherever they happened to be  always seen as a mass  never noticed as individuals.
 But now  in uniform and with their raggedy haircuts hidden by field caps and berets  they were impossible to miss.
Their renewed manhood was manifest in the way their backs were stiff and straight  rather than slouched in the refugee slump  and in the way they marched proudly across the earth  rather than shuffling as they usually did in cheap shoes with worn-down soles.
 They were men again  and that was how the General addressed them.
 Men  he called out.
 The people need us.
 Even from where I was  I heard him clearly  though he seemed to exert no effort in projecting his voice.
 They need hope and leaders  the General said.
 You are those leaders.
 You will show the people what can happen if they have the courage to rise up  to take arms  and to sacrifice themselves.
 I watched the men to see if they would flinch at the idea of sacrificing themselves  but they did not.
 This was the occult power of the uniform  of the mass  that men who would never dream of sacrificing themselves in the course of their everyday lives waiting on tables would agree to do so while waiting under a hot sun.
 Men  the General said.
 The people cry out for freedom.
 The communists promise freedom and independence  but deliver only poverty and enslavement.
 They have betrayed the Vietnamese people  and revolutions don t betray the people.
 Even here we remain with the people  and we will return to liberate the people who have been denied the freedom given to us.
 Revolutions are for the people  from the people  by the people.
 That is our revolution.
Nothing was so true  and yet nothing was so mysterious  for the questions of who the people were and what they might want remained unanswered.
 The lack of an answer mattered not; indeed  the lack of an answer was part of the power in the idea of the people that brought the men to their feet and the tears to their eyes as they shouted  Down with communism.
 Like salmon that instinctively knew when to swim upstream  we all knew who the people were and who were not the people.
 Anyone who had to be told who the people were probably was not part of the people  or so I soon wrote to my Parisian aunt.
 I also sent her photos of the cheering men in uniform  along with others showing them exercising and engaging in maneuvers the rest of that weekend.
 Perhaps these men looked silly or foolish  doing push-ups while the grizzled captain yelled at them  or crouching behind trees aiming vintage rifles under the command of the affectless lieutenant  or conducting a mock patrol with Bon amid the brush where Indians once hunted.
 But don t be fooled  I warned Man in my coded notes.
 Revolutions begin this way  with men willing to fight no matter what the odds  volunteering to give up everything because they had nothing.
 This was an apt description of the grizzled captain  the former guerrilla hunter who was now a short-order cook  and the affectless lieutenant  sole survivor of an ambushed company who made his living as a deliveryman.
 Like Bon  they were certifiably insane men who had volunteered for the reconnaissance mission to Thailand.
They had decided that death was just as good as life  which was fine for them but was worrisome for me if I was to go along with them.
What about your wives and kids.
 I said.
 The four of us sat under an oak tree  sleeves rolled up past our elbows  eating a midday meal of army surplus C rations  which looked almost exactly the same entering the human body as they did exiting it.
 The grizzled captain rattled his spoon in his can and said  We got separated during the whole mess at Da Nang.
 They didn t make it out.
 Last I heard the VC sent them to clear swampland for the crime of being related to me.
Guess I can either wait for them to get out or I can go get them myself.
 He had the habit of speaking with his teeth clenched  gnawing at his words like bones.
As for the affectless lieutenant  his emotional strings had been cut.
 He had the semblance of a human being  but while his body moved  his face and voice moved not at all.
 Thus  when he said  They re dead  the toneless announcement was more forbidding than if he had wailed or cursed.
 I was afraid to ask him what had happened.
 Instead I said  You guys don t plan on coming back  do you.
 The affectless lieutenant rotated the turret of his head a few degrees and aimed his eyes at me.
 Come back to what.
 The grizzled captain chuckled.
 Don t be shocked  kid.
 I ve ordered more than a few men to certain death.
 Now maybe it s my turn.
 Not that I want to sound all emotional.
 Don t feel sorry for me.
 I m looking forward to it.
 War may be hell  but you know what.
 Hell s better than this shithole.
 With that  the affectless lieutenant and the grizzled captain departed to take a piss.
I didn t need to write in my letter to Paris that these men were not fools  at least not yet.
 The minutemen were not fools in believing they could defeat the British Redcoats  any more than the first armed propaganda platoon of our revolution was foolish as it drilled with a motley assembly of primitive weapons.
From that militia eventually arose an army of a million men.
 Who was to say the same fate did not await this company.
 Dear Aunt  I wrote in visible ink  These men are not to be underestimated.
 Napoleon said men will die for bits of ribbon pinned to their chests  but the General understands that even more men will die for a man who remembered their names  as he does theirs.
 When he inspects them  he walks among them  eats with them  calls them by their names and asks about wives  children  girlfriends  hometowns.
 All anyone ever wants is to be recognized and remembered.
 Neither is possible without the other.
 This desire drives these busboys  waiters  janitors  gardeners  mechanics  night guards  and welfare beneficiaries to save enough money to buy themselves uniforms  boots  and guns  to want to be men again.
 They want their country back  dear Aunt  but they also yearn for recognition and remembrance from that country that no longer exists  from wives and children  from future descendants  from the men they used to be.
 If they fail  call them fools.
 But if they do not fail  they are heroes and visionaries  whether alive or dead.
 Perhaps I shall return with them to our country  regardless of what the General has to say.
Even as I was planning for the possibility of returning  I also did my best to dissuade Bon of doing the same.
 We were smoking a final cigarette under the oak tree  our last gesture before embarking on a ten-mile hike.
 We watched as the men commanded by the grizzled captain and the affectless lieutenant rose and stretched  scratching at various parts of their lumpy bodies.
 Those guys have death wishes  I said.
 Don t you get it.
 They ve got no intention of coming back.
They know it s a suicide mission.
Life s a suicide mission.
That s very philosophical of you  I said.
 It doesn t change the fact that you re crazy.
He laughed with genuine humor  such a rare occasion ever since Saigon I was taken aback.
 For only the second time since I had known him  he embarked on a speech that was  for him  an epic.
 What s crazy is living when there s no reason to live  he said.
 What am I living for.
 A life in our apartment.
 That s not a home.
 It s a jail cell without bars.
 All of us we re all in jail cells without bars.
We re not men anymore.
 Not after the Americans fucked us twice and made our wives and kids watch.
 First the Americans said we ll save your yellow skins.
Just do what we say.
 Fight our way  take our money  give us your women  then you ll be free.
 Things didn t work out that way  did they.
 Then  after fucking us  they rescued us.
 They just didn t tell us they d cut off our balls and cut out our tongues along the way.
 But you know what.
 If we were real men  we wouldn t have let them do that.
Usually Bon used words like a sniper  but this was a spray of machine-gun fire that silenced me for several moments.
 Then I said  You don t give these guys enough credit for what they did  for what they faced.
 Though they were my enemies  I understood their soldiers  hearts  beating with the belief that they had fought bravely.
 You re being too hard on them.
He laughed again  this time without humor.
 I m hard on myself.
 Don t call me a man or a soldier  either.
 Call the guys who stayed behind men and soldiers.
The men in my company.
 All dead or in prison  but at least they know they re men.
 They re so dangerous it takes other men with guns to keep them locked up.
 Here  no one s frightened of us.
 The only people we scare are our wives and kids.
 And ourselves.
 I know these guys.
 I sell them liquor.
 I hear their stories.
 They come home from work  yell at their wives and kids  beat them once in a while just to show that they re men.
 Only they re not.
 A man protects his wife and children.
 A man isn t afraid to die for them  his country  his buddies.
He doesn t live to see them all die before him.
 But that s what I ve done.
You retreated  that s all  I said  putting my hand on his shoulder.
 He shrugged it off.
 I had never seen him speak about his pain so bluntly before.
 I wanted to comfort him and it hurt me that he would not let me.
 You had to save your family.
 That doesn t make you less of a man or a soldier.
 You are a soldier  so think like one.
 Is it better to go on this suicide mission and not come back  or is it better to go with the next wave that s actually got a chance.
He spat and ground out his cigarette against the heel of his boot  then buried it under a mound of dirt.
 That s what most of these guys are saying.
 They re losers and losers always have excuses.
 They dress up  talk tough  play soldier.
 But how many are really going back home to fight.
 The General asked for volunteers.
got three.
 The rest of them hide behind their wives and kids  the same wives and kids they beat because they can t stand hiding behind them.
 Give a coward a second chance  he ll just run again.
 So it is with most of these guys.
 They re bluffing.
You cynical bastard  I cried.
 What are you dying for then.
What am I dying for.
 he cried back.
 I m dying because this world I m living in isn t worth dying for.
 If something is worth dying for  then you ve got a reason to live.
And to this  I had nothing to say.
 It was true  even for this small detachment of heroes or perhaps fools.
 Whatever they were  they now had something to live for if not die for.
 They had eagerly shed the funereal clothes of their mediocre civilian lives  understanding the allure of tailored tiger stripe fatigues with dashing scarves of yellow  white  or red around their necks  a military splendor akin to the costumes of superheroes.
 But  like superheroes  they would not want to keep themselves a secret for long.
 How could you be a superhero if no one knew you existed.
Rumors had already spread about them.
 Even before the desert assembly  during that night when Sonny had admitted his failure and yet still won  he had asked me about these mysterious men.
 The wheels of our conversation had stopped spinning  the black cat was gloating over my defeat  and in the vodkainfused silence Sonny raised the reports of a secret army preparing for a secret invasion.
 I replied that I had not heard of any such thing  to which he said  Don t play the innocent.
 You re the General s man.
If I were his man  I said  more reason not to tell a communist.
Who said I m a communist.
I pretended to be surprised.
 You re not a communist.
If I were  would I tell you.
That was the subversive s dilemma.
 Rather than flaunt ourselves in the sexually dubious costumes of superheroes  we hid beneath cloaks of invisibility  here just as in Saigon.
 There  when I attended clandestine meetings with other subversives  conducted in the fusty cellars of safe houses  sitting on crates of black market hand grenades manufactured in the USA  I donned a clammy cotton hood that revealed only my eyes.
 Lit by candlelight or oil lamp  we knew one another only by the peculiarity of our aliases  by the shape of our bodies  by the sound of our voices  by the whites of our eyes.
 Now  watching Ms.
 Mori recline under Sonny s arm  I was sure my ever-absorbent eyes were no longer white but bloodshot from the wine  vodka  and tobacco.
 Our lungs had achieved smoky equilibrium with the stale air  while on the coffee table the ashtray silently suffered its usual indignity  mouth crammed full of butts and bitter ash.
dropped what remained of my cigarette into the well of the wine bottle  where it drowned in the remaining liquid with a faint  reproachful hiss.
 The war s over  Ms.
 Mori said.
 Don t they know that.
 I wanted to say something profound as I stood up to say good night.
 I wanted to impress Ms.
 Mori with the intellect she could never have again.
 Wars never die  I said.
 They just go to sleep.
Is that true for old soldiers  too.
 she asked  not looking impressed.
 Of course it s true  Sonny said.
 If they didn t go to sleep  how else would they dream.
almost answered before I realized it was a rhetorical question.
 Mori offered me her cheek to kiss and Sonny offered me his hand to shake.
 He showed me the door and I slid home through the cool sheets of night and into my own bed  Bon asleep and hovering above me in his rack.
 I closed my eyes and  after a spell of darkness  floated on my mattress across a black river to the foreign country that needed no passport to visit.
 Of its many gnomic features and shady denizens I now recall only one  my mind wiped clean except for this fatal fingerprint  an ancient kapok tree that was my final resting place and on whose arthritic bark I laid my cheek.
 I was almost asleep within my sleep when I gradually understood that the knot of gnarled wood on which my ear rested was actually an ear itself  curled and stiff  the wax of its auditory history encrusted in the green moss of its twisted canal.
 Half of the kapok tree towered above me  half was invisible below me in the rooted earth  and when I looked up I saw not just one ear but many ears swelling from the bark of its thick trunk  hundreds of ears listening and having listened to things I could not hear  the sight of those ears so horrible it hurled me back into the black river.
 I woke drenched and gasping  clutching the sides of my head.
 Only after I kicked off the damp sheets and looked under the pillow could I lie down again  trembling.
heart still beat with the force of a savage drummer  but at least my bed was not littered with amputated ears.
Sometimes the work of a subversive is purposeful  but sometimes  I confess  it is accidental.
 In retrospect  perhaps my questioning of Sonny s courage pushed him to write the headline that I saw two weeks after the field maneuvers   Move On  War Over.
  I saw it on the General s desk in his war room at the liquor store  fixed squarely on the writing pad and weighed down by a stapler.
 The sentiments of the headline might be hailed by some  but certainly not by the General.
 Beneath that headline was a photograph of a rally staged by the Fraternity at a Westminster park  with ranks and files of grim veterans in paramilitary uniforms of brown shirts and red berets.
 In another photo  civilians in the cast-off couture of refugees waved signs and clutched banners with the telegraphic messages of political protests.
 HO CHI MINH = HITLER.
 FREEDOM FOR OUR PEOPLE.
THANK YOU  AMERICA.
 To the degree that the article might sow doubt in the hearts of exiles about continuing the war  and create divisions among exile factions  I knew that my provocation of Sonny had had an unintentional  but desirable  effect.
I photographed the article with the Minox mini-camera that was finally finding some use.
 For the last few weeks  I had been photographing the General s files  all of which I had access to as his aide-de-camp.
 Ever since my return from the Philippines  I had been unemployed except for this considerable pro bono work done for the General  the Fraternity  and the Movement.
 Even secret armies and political fronts needed clerks.
 Memos must be written; documents filed; meetings called; flyers designed  printed  and distributed; photos taken; interviews scheduled; donors found; and  most important for my purposes  correspondence taken and mailed  then received and read before it was handed over to the General.
 I had photographed the General s complete order of battle  from the company here to the battalion in Thailand  from the Fraternity s public parades to the Movement s private maneuvers  as well as the communiqués between the General and his officers in the Thai refugee camps  led by a landlocked admiral.
 Not least  I photographed the statements of the bank accounts where the General stashed the modest funds for the Movement  raised in small donations from the refugee community  the revenues of Madame s restaurant  and a handful of respectable charitable organizations that had donated to the Fraternity for the relief of sad refugees and sadder veterans.
All this information had been packaged into a parcel dispatched to my Parisian aunt.
 The parcel s contents were a letter and a chintzy souvenir  an automatically rotating snowball featuring the Hollywood sign.
 This gift required nine-volt batteries  which I included and which I had hollowed out.
 Into each I inserted a cartridge of Minox film  a more sophisticated method than how my courier in Saigon traded information with me.
 When Man first told me of my courier  I had immediately conjured up one of those supple beauty queens for which our country was deservedly famous  white as refined sugar on the outside  scarlet as sunrise on the inside  a Cochin-Chinese Mata Hari.
 What showed up at my door every morning was an aging auntie  the lines on her face promising more secrets than the lines on her palms  hawking gobs of betel juice as well as her specialty  sticky rice wrapped in banana leaves.
 I bought a packet for breakfast every morning  and in it there might or might not be a message  rolled and wrapped in plastic.
 Likewise  in the small wad of folded piastres I paid her with  there might or might not be a cartridge of film or a message of my own  written invisibly with rice water on cement paper.
 The only flaw in this method was that auntie was a terrible cook  her sticky rice a ball of glue that I had to swallow  lest the maid find it in my garbage and wonder why I was buying what I would not eat.
 I complained to auntie once  but she cursed me at such length and with such inventiveness I had to check both my watch and my dictionary.
Even the cyclo drivers hanging around the General s villa for fares were impressed.
 You better marry that one  Captain  a driver missing a left arm called out.
 She won t be single for long.
I winced at the memory and poured myself a drink from the bottle of fifteenyear-old scotch the General kept in his drawer.
 Given that I was not being paid  the General kept me happy  and admittedly dependent  with generous gifts of fine and not-so-fine liquor from his ample supply.
 I needed it.
 Written invisibly in the letter were the dates and details of Bon s itinerary and those of the grizzled captain and affectless lieutenant  from their airplane tickets to the location of the training camp.
 The information was no different in substance from what I had dispatched through auntie  the classified logistics of operations that would inevitably lead to devastating ambushes.
 Newspaper articles would report the number of American or republican soldiers dead or wounded  but they were as abstract as the faceless dead in history books.
 I could write these dispatches with ease  but the one about Bon had taken me all night  not because of the amount of words  but because he was my friend.
 I m coming back  too  I wrote  even though I had not yet figured out how I would do that.
 The better to report on the movement of the enemy  I wrote  even though what I really intended was to save Bon s life.
 This feat I also had no idea how to accomplish  but ignorance had never stopped me from taking action before.
With no idea how I would manage to betray Bon and save him at the same time  I searched for inspiration in the bottom of a bottle.
 I was sipping from my second tumbler of scotch when the General entered.
 It was a little past three  the routine time of his return from Madame s restaurant after its midday rush.
was  as usual  irritated from his hours manning the cash register.
 Former soldiers would salute him  a sign of respect that nevertheless reminded him of the stars he was not wearing  while the occasional snide civilian  always a woman  would say  Weren t you that general.
 If she was very snide  she would leave him the tip  the typically grand sum of one dollar  our nod to what we considered a ludicrous American practice.
 Thus the General would arrive in the afternoons at the liquor store  as he did today  throw a handful of crumpled dollar bills on his desk  and wait for me to pour him a double.
 Reclining in his chair  he would sip the scotch with closed eyes and sigh dramatically.
 But today  instead of reclining  he leaned forward at his desk  tapped the newspaper  and said  Did you read this.
Not wanting to deprive the General of the opportunity to fulminate  I said I had not.
 He nodded grimly and began to read excerpts out loud.
  Rumors abound about this Fraternity and what its true purpose is   the General said  face blank and voice even.
  The overthrow of the communist regime is clearly its objective  but how far is it willing to go.
 While the Fraternity asks for donations to help refugees  these funds may possibly be going toward a Movement of armed refugees in Thailand.
 Rumors are that the Fraternity has invested in certain businesses whose profits it reaps.
 The most disappointing aspect of the Fraternity is the false hope it peddles to our countrymen that we can one day take our country back through force.
 We would be better off if we pursued reconciliation peacefully  in the hopes that one day we in exile can return to help rebuild our country.
  The General folded the newspaper and laid it back on his desk in the exact same position it had occupied before.
 Someone s been feeding this man some reliable information  Captain.
I sipped my scotch to disguise the fact that I was swallowing the saliva that had pooled in my mouth.
 We have leaks  sir  just like we did at home.
 Look at that picture.
 All those men know something about what s going on.
 All Sonny had to do was walk around with a bucket catching one drop here and another drop there.
 Soon enough he d have a glass or two of information.
You re right  of course  the General said.
 We can keep mistresses but we can t keep secrets.
 This he tapped the newspaper sounds wonderful  doesn t it.
Reconcile  return  rebuild.
 Who wouldn t want that.
 And who would benefit the most.
 The communists.
 But for us  the greater likelihood if we return is a bullet in the head or a long stay in reeducation.
 That s what the communists mean by reconciliation and rebuilding  getting rid of people like us.
 And this newsman is peddling this leftist propaganda to poor people who are desperate for any kind of hope.
 He s getting more troublesome  don t you think.
Of course  I said  reaching for the bottle of scotch.
 Like me  it was half empty and half full.
 Newsmen are always troublesome if they re independent.
How do we know he s just a newsman.
 Half of the newsmen in Saigon were communist sympathizers  and a good percentage of them were just communists.
How do we know the communists didn t send him here years ago with exactly this plan in mind  to spy on any of us who made it here and undermine us.
 You knew him in college.
 Did he display these sympathies back then.
 If I said no and the General later heard otherwise from someone else  I would be in trouble.
 The only answer was yes  to which the General said  As my intelligence officer  you re not showing much intelligence  are you  Captain.
 Why didn t you warn me of this when I met him.
 The General shook his head in disgust.
 Do you know what your problem is  Captain.
 I had a rather long list of my problems  but it was better to simply say I had no idea.
 You re too sympathetic  the General said.
You didn t see the danger in the major because he was fat and you took pity on him for that.
 Now the evidence shows that you ve been willfully blind to the fact that Sonny is not only a left-wing radical but potentially a communist sleeper agent.
 The General s gaze was intense.
 My face started to itch but I did not dare scratch.
 Something may need to be done  Captain.
 Don t you agree.
Yes  I said  throat dry.
 Something may need to be done.
I had plenty of time to contemplate the General s vague demand in the ensuing days.
 How could one disagree with something needing to be done.
 Something always needed doing by somebody.
 An ad in Sonny s newspaper announcing that Lana was singing as part of a revue called Fantasia provided me the opportunity for action  although not the kind the General likely had in mind.
What I needed was a vacation  if only for a night  from the stressful  solitary work of being a subversive.
 For a mole used to darkness  a nightclub was an ideal place to emerge.
 Persuading Bon to go to Fantasia to hear the songs and sounds of our gone but not forgotten country was less of a struggle than I thought it would be  for Bon  having decided to die  was finally showing signs of life.
 He even allowed me to cut his hair  which he afterward slicked down with Brylcreem until it matched our glossy black shoes.
 The Brylcreem and our cologne lent my car an intoxicatingly masculine atmosphere as we listened to the Rolling Stones  the car transporting us not only west to Hollywood but back to the glory days of Saigon circa 1969  after my return from America.
 Then  before Bon and Man became fathers  the three of us had wasted the weekends of our youth in Saigon s bars and nightclubs  exactly as one was supposed to do.
youth was not wasted  how could it be youth.
Perhaps I could blame youth for my friendship with Bon.
 What drives a fourteen-year-old to swear a blood oath to a blood brother.
 And more important  what makes a grown man believe in that oath.
 Should not the things that count  like ideology and political belief  the ripe fruit of our adulthood  matter more than the unripe ideals and illusions of youth.
 Let me propose that truth  or some measure of it  can be found in these youthful follies that we forget  to our loss  as adults.
 Here was the scene of how our friendship first became established: a football pitch of the lycée  myself a new student surrounded by older  taller ones  the prancing steeds of the school.
 They were about to repeat a scene rehearsed by man from the dawn of time  the moment when the strong turn on the weak or the odd for sport.
 I was odd but I was not weak  as I had proven against the village comedian who called me unnatural.
 Although I had beaten him  I had also been beaten before  and I prepared myself for a losing fight.
 It was then that another new boy unexpectedly spoke out in my defense  stepping forward from the ring of voyeurs and saying  This isn t right.
 Don t single him out.
 He s one of us.
 An older boy scoffed.
 Who are you to say who s one of us.
 And why do you think you re one of us.
 Now get out of the way.
 Man did not get out of the way  and for this he received the first blow  a slap on the ear that sent him reeling.
 I drove my head into the older boy s ribs and knocked him down  landing astride his chest  from where I commenced to land two blows before his fellow oafs hurled themselves on me.
 The odds were five-to-one against me and my new friend Man  and even though I fought back with all my heart and rage  I knew we were doomed.
 All the other schoolboys surrounding us did  too.
why  then  did Bon jump forth from that crowd and take our side.
 He was a new boy who was as big as the older boys  true  but even so he could not beat them all.
 One he slugged  another he elbowed  a third he rammed  and then he  too  was brought down by the horde.
 So they kicked us  and hit us  and beat us  and left us bruised  bloody  and elated.
 Yes  elated.
 For we had passed some mysterious test  one that separated us from the bullies on the one side and the cowards on the other.
 That very night  we snuck out of our dormitory and made our way to a tamarind grove  and under its boughs we cut our palms.
mingled our blood once more with boys we recognized as more kin to us than any real kin  and then gave one another our word.
A pragmatist  a true materialist  would dismiss this story and my attachment to it as romanticism.
 But the story says everything about how we saw ourselves and one another at that age  as boys who knew instinctively that their cause was to stand up for the weaker.
 Bon and I had not talked about that incident in a long time  but I sensed that it was in his bloodstream as well as mine as we sang songs from our youth on the way to our destination at the Roosevelt Hotel.
 Once a swinging establishment on Hollywood Boulevard for celebrities in the blackand-white era  the Roosevelt was now as unfashionable as a silent film star.
Worn rugs masked shabby tiles  and for some reason the lobby s furniture comprised card tables and chairs with the spindly legs of cranes  ready for games of penny poker and solitaire.
 I had expected some residual splash of Hollywood glamour  with paunchy porn producers in butterfly collars and powder-blue blazers  leading demi-glazed women by their bejeweled hands.
 But the bestdressed people in the hotel appeared to be my fellow countrymen  bedecked in sequins  polyester  and attitude as we headed to the lounge where Fantasia waited.
 The other patrons  presumably the hotel guests  wore plaid shirts  pediatric shoes  and seven o clock shadows  the only thing in tow an oxygen tank.
 We always arrived late for everything  including  apparently  Hollywood s fashionable moment.
Nevertheless  the atmosphere inside the hotel s cozy lounge was buoyant.
Some entrepreneur had rented out the space to stage Fantasia  and the result was a refuge without any sign of refugees  the men sharp in tailored suits and the women delectable in ball gowns.
 Our aspiring bourgeoisie had found forty-houra-week jobs with overtime and  having padded their wallets enough to sit more comfortably  were now on the hunt for wine and song.
 As Bon and I settled into a table at the back  a winsome singer in a bolero jacket serenaded the lounge with a heartache-soaked version of Pham Duy s  City of Sadness.
  Was there any other way to sing about a city of sadness  the portable city carried by all of us in exile.
 After love  was sadness not the most common noun in our lyrical repertoire.
 Did we salivate for sadness  or had we only learned to enjoy what we were forced to eat.
 These questions required either Camus or cognac  and as Camus was not available I ordered cognac.
I paid for the snifters without a twinge from my dwindling settlement cash  being of the firm belief that money did not live until it was spent  particularly in the company of friends.
 When I spotted the grizzled captain and the affectless lieutenant standing at the bar nursing beers  I even sent them snifters of cognac.
They came over to our table and toasted our comradeship  even though I had not yet brought up the matter of my return with the General again.
 That was my intent  though  and I was happy to buy us all another round.
 Cognac made everything better  the equivalent of a mother s kiss for a grown man  and so it was that we indulged as the singers shimmied on the stage one by one.
 Men and women  they crooned  they wailed  they sighed  they belted  they moaned  they roared  and no matter what they sang or how  the crowd adored them.
 We were  all of us  even Bon  airlifted back in time by the lungs of the singers  across years and miles to nightclubs in Saigon where the taste of champagne  besides the usual flavors and hints  always carried a touch of tears.
 Too many tears  and one was overpowered; none  and one was not enslaved.
 But a drop of this elixir was all one s tongue needed before it could utter only one name: Saigon.
That word was mentioned by nearly every one of the performers and by the emcee himself.
 This guide to Fantasia was a modestly built man modestly dressed in a gray flannel suit  the only shiny thing about him being his spectacles.
 I could not see his eyes but I recognized his name.
 The Poet was a writer whose works had appeared in the literary journals and newspapers  gentle and nostalgic verses about the textures of everyday life.
 I remembered one in particular about the epiphany to be found in the washing of rice  and while I could not remember the Poet s epiphany  I remembered the urge in the poem to find meaning in even the meanest of chores.
 Sometimes  when I washed rice and sunk my hand into the wet grains  I thought of the Poet.
 I was proud to see that in our culture a Poet could be an emcee for a night of song and wine for the common people.
 We respected our poets and assumed they had something important to teach us  and this Poet did.
 He had written a few columns for Sonny s newspaper  explaining the vagaries of American life or the cultural miscommunications between Americans and us  and in this vein he interspersed his introductions of the singers with brief lessons in our culture or the American culture.
 When it came time for Lana  he began by saying  Some of you may have heard that the Americans are a people who like to dream.
 It s true  and although some say that America is a welfare state  in actuality it is a dream state.
 Here  we can dream of anything  can t we  ladies and gentlemen.
 I will tell you what my American Dream is  he said  holding the microphone with the care one reserved for a stick of dynamite.
 My American Dream is to see once more  before I die  the land where I was born  to taste once more the ripe persimmons from the tree of my family s garden in Tay Ninh.
 My American Dream is to return home so I can light incense at the tomb of my grandparents  to roam that beautiful country of ours when it is at last peaceful and the sound of guns cannot be heard over the shouts of joy.
 My American Dream is to walk from city to village to farm and to see boys and girls laughing and playing who have never heard of war  from Da Nang to Da Lat  from Ca Mau to Chau Doc  from Sa Dec to Song Cau  from Bien Hoa to Ban Me Thuot  The train ride through our cities and towns great and small continued  but I had gotten off at Ban Me Thuot  my hometown  hill town  town of red earth  Highland country of the finest coffee beans  land of booming waterfalls  of exasperated elephants  of the half-starved Gia Rai in their loincloths  barefoot and bare breasted  land where my mother and father died  land where my umbilical cord was buried in my mother s meager plot  land where the heroic People s Army struck first in its liberation of the south during the great campaign of  75  land that was my home.
That is my American Dream  said the Poet  that no matter the clothes I wear or the food I eat or the language I speak  my heart will be unchanged.
 This is why we gather here tonight  ladies and gentlemen.
 Though we cannot be home in reality  we can return in Fantasia.
The audience applauded sincerely and enthusiastically for our diasporic poet laureate  but he was a wise man who knew that we were gathered here for another purpose besides hearing him.
 Ladies and gentlemen  he said  raising his hand to still the crowd  may I present to you another American Dream  our very own Vietnamese fantasy .
Now known by just one name  like John  Paul  George  Ringo  and Mary  she stepped onstage clad in a red velvet bustier  a leopard-print miniskirt  black lace gloves  and thigh-high leather boots with stiletto heels.
 My heart would have paused at the boots  the heels  or the flat  smooth slice of her belly  naked in between miniskirt and bustier  but the combination of all three arrested my heart altogether and beat it with the vigor of a Los Angeles police squad.
 Pouring cognac over my heart freed it  but thus drenched it was easily flambéed by her torch song.
 She turned on the heat with her first number  the unexpected  I d Love You to Want Me   which I had heard before sung only by men.
  I d Love You to Want Me  was the theme song of the bachelors and unhappily married males of my generation  whether in the English original or the equally superb French and Vietnamese renditions.
 What the song expressed so perfectly from lyric to melody was unrequited love  and we men of the south loved nothing more than unrequited love  cracked hearts our primary weakness after cigarettes  coffee  and cognac.
Listening to her sing  all I wanted was to immolate myself in a night with her to remember forever and ever.
 Every man in the room shared my emotion as we watched her do no more than sway at the microphone  her voice enough to move the audience  or rather to still us.
 Nobody talked and nobody stirred except to raise a cigarette or a glass  an utter concentration not broken for her next  slightly more upbeat number   Bang Bang  My Baby Shot Me Down .
  Nancy Sinatra sang it first  but she was merely a platinum princess whose only knowledge of violence and guns was derived secondhand from the mob friends of her father  Frank.
 Lana  in contrast  had grown up in a city where gangsters were once so powerful the army fought them in the streets.
 Saigon was a metropolis where grenade attacks were commonplace  terror bombings not unexpected  and wholesale invasion by the Viet Cong a communal experience.
 What did Nancy Sinatra know when she sang bang bang.
 To her  those were bubble-gum pop lyrics.
 Bang bang was the sound track of our lives.
Moreover  Nancy Sinatra was afflicted  as the overwhelming majority of Americans were  with monolingualism.
 Lana s richer  more textured version of  Bang Bang  layered English with French and Vietnamese.
 Bang bang  je ne l oublierai pas went the last line of the French version  which was echoed by Pham Duy s Vietnamese version  We will never forget.
 In the pantheon of classic pop songs from Saigon  this tricolor rendition was one of the most memorable  masterfully weaving together love and violence in the enigmatic story of two lovers who  regardless of having known each other since childhood  or because of knowing each other since childhood  shoot each other down.
 Bang bang was the sound of memory s pistol firing into our heads  for we could not forget love  we could not forget war  we could not forget lovers  we could not forget enemies  we could not forget home  and we could not forget Saigon.
 We could not forget the caramel flavor of iced coffee with coarse sugar; the bowls of noodle soup eaten while squatting on the sidewalk; the strumming of a friend s guitar while we swayed on hammocks under coconut trees; the football matches played barefoot and shirtless in alleys  squares  parks  and meadows; the pearl chokers of morning mist draped around the mountains; the labial moistness of oysters shucked on a gritty beach; the whisper of a dewy lover saying the most seductive words in our language  anh oi; the rattle of rice being threshed; the workingmen who slept in their cyclos on the streets  kept warm only by the memories of their families; the refugees who slept on every sidewalk of every city; the slow burning of patient mosquito coils; the sweetness and firmness of a mango plucked fresh from its tree; the girls who refused to talk to us and who we only pined for more; the men who had died or disappeared; the streets and homes blown away by bombshells; the streams where we swam naked and laughing; the secret grove where we spied on the nymphs who bathed and splashed with the innocence of the birds; the shadows cast by candlelight on the walls of wattled huts; the atonal tinkle of cowbells on mud roads and country paths; the barking of a hungry dog in an abandoned village; the appetizing reek of the fresh durian one wept to eat; the sight and sound of orphans howling by the dead bodies of their mothers and fathers; the stickiness of one s shirt by afternoon  the stickiness of one s lover by the end of lovemaking  the stickiness of our situations; the frantic squealing of pigs running for their lives as villagers gave chase; the hills afire with sunset; the crowned head of dawn rising from the sheets of the sea; the hot grasp of our mother s hand; and while the list could go on and on and on  the point was simply this: the most important thing we could never forget was that we could never forget.
When Lana was finished  the audience clapped  whistled  and stomped  but I sat silent and stunned as she bowed and gracefully withdrew  so disarmed I could not even applaud.
 As the Poet introduced the next performer  all I heard was bang bang  and when Lana returned to the table reserved for the performers  with the seat next to her left empty by the singer who had replaced her  I told Bon I would be back in ten minutes.
 I heard him say  Don t do it  you stupid bastard  but without further thought I began my walk across the lounge.
 The hardest thing to do in talking to a woman was taking the first step  but the most important thing to do was not to think.
 Not thinking is more difficult than it sounds  and yet  with women  one should never think.
 Never.
 It simply won t do.
The first few times in approaching girls  during my lycée years  I had thought too much  hesitated  and  as a result  flailed and failed.
 But even so  I discovered that all the childhood bullying directed at me had toughened me  making me believe that being rejected was better than not having the chance to be rejected at all.
 Thus it was that I approached girls  and now women  with such Zen negation of all doubt and fear the Buddha would approve.
 Sitting down next to Lana and thinking of nothing  I merely followed my instincts and my first three principles in talking to a woman: do not ask permission; do not say hello; and do not let her speak first.
I had no idea you could sing like you do when I first met you  I said.
 She looked at me with eyes that evoked those on ancient Grecian statues  empty and yet expressive.
 Why would you.
 I was only sixteen.
And I was only twenty-five.
 What did I know.
 I leaned close to be heard over the music and to offer her a cigarette.
 Fourth principle: give a woman the chance to reject something else besides me.
 If she declined the cigarette  as any of our proper young women should  I had an excuse to take one myself  which gave me a few seconds to say something while she focused on my cigarette.
 But Lana unexpectedly accepted  giving me the chance to fire up her cigarette with a suggestive flame  as I had once lit up Ms.
 Mori.
 What do your mother and father think of all this.
They think it s a waste of time to sing and dance.
 I suppose you agree with them.
I lit my own cigarette.
 If I agreed with them  would I be here.
You agree with everything my father says.
I agree with only some of the things your father says.
 But I don t disagree with anything.
So you agree with me when it comes to music.
Music and singing keep us alive  give us hope.
 If we can feel  we know we can live.
And we know we can love.
 She blew smoke away from me  though I would have been delighted to have her blow smoke in my eyes or on any part of my body.
 My parents fear singing will ruin me for marriage  she said.
 What they want for me is to get married tomorrow to someone very respectable and very rich.
 You re neither of those things  are you  Captain.
Would you rather I be respectable and rich.
You d be much less interesting if you were.
You might be the first woman in the history of the world who s ever felt that way  I said.
 All this time I kept my gaze fixed on hers  an enormously difficult task given the gravitational pull exerted by her cleavage.
 While I was critical of many things when it came to so-called Western civilization  cleavage was not one of them.
 The Chinese might have invented gunpowder and the noodle  but the West had invented cleavage  with profound if underappreciated implications.
A man gazing on semi-exposed breasts was not only engaging in simple lasciviousness  he was also meditating  even if unawares  on the visual embodiment of the verb  to cleave   which meant both to cut apart and to put together.
 A woman s cleavage perfectly illustrated this double and contradictory meaning  the breasts two separate entities with one identity.
 The double meaning was also present in how cleavage separated a woman from a man and yet drew him to her with the irresistible force of sliding down a slippery slope.
 Men had no equivalent  except  perhaps  for the only kind of male cleavage most women truly cared for  the opening and closing of a well-stuffed billfold.
 But whereas women could look at us as much as they wanted  and we would appreciate it  we were damned if we looked and hardly less damned if we didn t.
 A woman with extraordinary cleavage would reasonably be insulted by a man whose eyes could resist the plunge  so  just to be polite  I cast a tasteful glance while reaching for another cigarette.
 In between those marvelous breasts bumped a gold crucifix on a gold chain  and for once I wished I were a true Christian so I could be nailed to that cross.
Care for another cigarette.
 I said  our gazes meeting once more as I offered her my pack.
 Neither of us acknowledged my expert appraisal of her cleavage.
Instead  she silently accepted my offer  reached forth her delicate hand  plucked out a cigarette  inserted it between her candied lips  waited for it to be ignited from a flame in my hand  and then  gradually  smoked the cigarette until it dwindled to a handful of ashes  easily blown away.
 If a man survived the time taken to smoke the first cigarette  he had a fighting chance on the beachhead of a woman s body.
 That I had survived a second cigarette boosted my confidence immeasurably.
 Thus  when the permed chanteuse whose chair I occupied returned  it was with confidence that I stood up and said to Lana  Let s go to the bar.
 Principle five: statements  not questions  were less likely to lead to no.
 She shrugged and offered me her hand.
Over the next hour  in between the times when Lana scorched the earth and the hair on my forearms with a few more songs  I learned the following.
 She loved vodka martinis  of which I ordered her three.
 Each one was shaken with topshelf liquor in whose clear solution floated a pair of plump green olives  the suggestive nipples of pimentos protruding from them.
 Her employer was an art gallery in tony Brentwood.
 She had had boyfriends  plural  and when a woman discussed past boyfriends  she was informing you that she was evaluating you in comparison with defective and effective partners past.
 Although I was too tactful to ask about politics or religion  I learned that she was socially and economically progressive.
 She believed in birth control  gun control  and rent control; she believed in the liberation of homosexuals and civil rights for all; she believed in Gandhi  Martin Luther King Jr.
  and Thich Nhat Hanh; she believed in nonviolence  world peace  and yoga; she believed in the revolutionary potential of disco and the United Nations of nightclubs; she believed in national selfdetermination for the Third World as well as liberal democracy and regulated capitalism  which was  she said  to believe that the invisible hand of the market should wear the kid glove of socialism.
 Her favorite singers were Billie Holiday  Dusty Springfield  Elvis Phuong  and Khanh Ly  and she believed Vietnamese people could also sing the blues.
 Of American cities  she believed New York was where she wanted to live if she could not live in Los Angeles.
 But of all the things I learned about her  the most important was this: whereas most Vietnamese women kept their opinions to themselves until they were married  whereon they never kept their opinions to themselves  she was not hesitant to say what she thought.
At the end of the hour I waved Bon over  desperate for another pair of ears to relieve the stress on mine.
 He  too  was punchy with cognac  its influence making him unusually voluble.
 Lana was not above socializing with a common man  and for the next hour they became partners on a walk down memory lane  reminiscing about Saigon and songs while I quietly quaffed my cognac  discreetly admiring Lana s legs.
 Longer than the Bible and a hell of a lot more fun  they stretched forever  like an Indian yogi or an American highway shimmering through the Great Plains or the southwestern desert.
 Her legs demanded to be looked at and would not take no  non  nein  nyet  or even maybe for an answer.
 I was being held captive by the sight of them when I heard Lana say  And your wife and child.
 The tears trickling down Bon s cheeks broke the spell she had cast on me  the sight rousing me from deafness.
 Somehow the conversation had taken a turn from Saigon and songs to the fall of Saigon  which was not surprising.
 Most of the songs the exiles listened to were soaked in melancholic  romantic loss  which could not help but remind them of the loss of their city.
 Every conversation among the exiles about Saigon eventually became a conversation about the fall of Saigon and the fate of those left behind.
 They re dead  Bon now said.
 I was astonished  for Bon never talked about Linh and Duc with anyone but me  a function of the fact that Bon hardly talked to anyone.
 This was the problem with a walk down memory lane.
 It was almost always foggy  and one was likely to trip and fall.
 But perhaps this embarrassing collapse was worth it  for Lana  to my even greater astonishment  embraced him and pressed his stubborn  ugly head against her cheek.
 You poor man  Lana said.
 You poor  poor man.
 I was overwhelmed by a great  aching love for my best friend and this woman whose divine figure was the symbol of infinity turned upright onto its rounded bottom.
 I yearned to prove the hypothesis of my desire for her by empirically examining her naked curves with my eyes  her breasts with my hands  her skin with my tongue.
 I knew then  as she focused all her attention on the weeping Bon  who was so insensate with grief he seemed unaware of the enchanted valley exposed to his view  that I would possess her and that she would have me.
A great deal of what I have confessed so far may seem foreign to you  dear Commandant  and to this mysterious  faceless commissar of yours whom I have heard so much about.
 The American Dream  the culture of Hollywood  the practices of American democracy  and so on can altogether make America a disorienting place for those like us who hail from the Orient.
 Presumably my half-Occidental status has helped me  perhaps innately  in understanding the American character  culture  and customs  including those concerning romance.
The most important thing to understand is that while we courted  Americans dated  a pragmatic custom whereby a male and a female set a mutually agreeable time to meet  as if to negotiate a potentially profitable business venture.
Americans understood dating to be about investments and gains  short or long term  but we saw romance and courtship as being about losses.
 After all  the only worthwhile courtship involved persuading a woman who could not be persuaded  not a woman already predisposed to examine her calendar for her availability.
Lana was clearly a woman in need of courting.
 I wrote her letters in which I pleaded my case  using the perfect cursive taught to me by pterodactyl nuns; I composed villanelles  sonnets  and couplets of doubtful prosody but resolute sincerity; I seized her guitar when she let me sit on a Moroccan cushion in her living room and sang her songs by Pham Duy  Trinh Cong Son  and the newest lyrical darling of our diaspora  Duc Huy.
 She rewarded me with the enigmatic smiles of an alluring apsara  a reserved seat at the front row of her performances  and the favor of continuing audiences  of which I was given no more than one a week.
 I was both grateful and tormented  as I recounted to Bon on listless afternoons at the liquor store.
 His response was as unenthusiastic as you might anticipate.
 Tell me this  lover boy  he said one day  back to his terse self.
 His attention was divided between me and a pair of teenage patrons creeping  possum-like  toward an aisle  a duo whose years and IQ were measurable in the low double digits.
 What happens when the General finds out.
 I was sitting with him behind the counter  awaiting the General s afternoon arrival.
 Why would the General ever find out.
 I said.
 Nobody would tell him.
 Lana and I aren t sentimental enough to think that one day we ll get married and confess to him.
Then what s all this wooing and daring despair.
 he asked  quoting from my narration of our courtship.
 I said: Must wooing and daring despair end in marriage.
 Can t it end in love.
 What does marriage have to do with love.
snorted.
 God made us to be married.
 Love has everything to do with marriage.
wondered if he was about to dissolve as he had that night at Fantasia  but discussing love  marriage  and death had no visible effect on him this afternoon  perhaps because he was focused on the convex mirror suspended over the rear corner.
 The mirror s monocular eye revealed the teenagers gazing on the chilled beer with reverence  entranced by the reflection of fluorescent light on amber glass.
 Marriage is slavery  I said.
 And when God made us human if God exists  He didn t intend for us to be slaves to each other.
You know what makes us human.
 In the mirror  the shorter of the duo slipped a bottle into his pocket.
 With a weary sigh  Bon reached for the baseball bat beneath the cash register.
 What makes us human is that we re the only creatures on this planet that can fuck ourselves.
Perhaps the point could have been made more delicately  but he was never one to be interested in delicacy.
 He was more interested in threatening the shoplifters with severe bodily harm until they fell to their knees  surrendered the items hidden in their jackets  and kowtowed for forgiveness.
 Bon was merely teaching them the way we had been taught.
 Our teachers were firm believers in the corporal punishment that Americans had given up  which was probably one reason they could no longer win wars.
 For us  violence began at home and continued in school  parents and teachers beating children and students like Persian rugs to shake the dust of complacency and stupidity out of them  and in that way make them more beautiful.
 My father was no exception.
 He was simply more high-minded than most  working the xylophone of his students  knuckles with his ruler until our poor joints were bruised purple  blue  and black.
Sometimes we deserved to be whacked  sometimes not  but my father never showed any regret when evidence of our innocence surfaced.
 Since all were guilty of Original Sin  even punishment wrongly given was in some way just.
My mother was guilty  too  but hers was such an unoriginal sin.
 I was the kind bothered less by sinning than by unoriginality.
 Even in courting Lana  I suspected any sin I committed with her would never be enough because it would not be original.
 Yet I believed that sinning with her might be enough  since I would never know unless I tried.
 Perhaps I would glimpse infinity when I lit her up with the spasmodic spark that came from striking my soul against hers.
Perhaps I would finally know eternity without resorting to this: Q.
 Say the Apostles  Creed.
 I believe in God  the Father Almighty  Creator of Heaven and earth .
Even these two thieves had likely heard of this prayer  Christian ideas being so important to the American people that they had granted them a place on the most precious document of all  the dollar bill.
 IN GOD WE TRUST must even now be printed on the money in their wallets.
 Bon tapped the shoplifters  foreheads gently with the baseball bat as they cried  Please  forgive us.
 At least these cretins knew fear  one of the two great motives for belief.
 The question the baseball bat would not resolve was whether they knew the other motive  love  which  for some reason  was much harder to teach.
The General arrived at his usual time  and as soon as he did  we left  myself chauffeuring while he sat in the back.
 He was not verbose as usual  nor did he spend his time poring through papers in his briefcase.
 Instead  he gazed out the window  which he normally considered a waste of time  and the only command he issued was to turn off the music.
 In the ensuing silence I heard the muted cello of foreboding  announcing the theme I was sure preoccupied him: Sonny.
The newspaper article Sonny had written on the alleged operations of the Fraternity and the Movement had circulated with the ease of the common cold through the exiled community  his microbial allegations becoming confirmed facts and his facts becoming infectious rumors.
 By the time the rumors reached me  the story was that the General was either broke in his efforts to fund the Movement or wallowing in ill-gotten lucre.
 This was either the payoff from the US government for keeping mum about its failure to help us at war s end  or the profits from not just a chain of restaurants  but also drug dealing  prostitution  and extortion of small-time business owners.
 The Movement  some insisted  was simply a racket  and its men in Thailand a rabble of scurvy degenerates dependent on the community s donations.
 Others said those men were actually a regiment of the finest Rangers  bloodthirsty and mad for revenge.
 According to this ever-proliferating gossip  the General was either going to send these fools to their deaths from his armchair or he was going to return  like MacArthur to the Philippines  to lead the heroic invasion himself.
 If I was hearing this gossip  then Madame certainly was  and therefore the General  too  all of us tuned in to the humming  crackling AM channel of hearsay.
 This included the crapulent major  his fat body spilling over the edges of the bucket seat next to me.
 I dared not turn my head to look  although from the corner of my eye I saw him facing me  all three of his eyes surely wide open.
 I had not drilled that hole into his head that had given him his third eye  but I had come up with the plot that led to his fate.
Now it was this third eye that allowed him to continue watching me even though he was dead  a spectator and not just a specter.
 I can t wait to see the end of this little story  he said.
 But I already know how it s going to end.
 Don t you.
Did you say something.
 the General said.
No  sir.
I heard you say something.
I must have been talking to myself.
Stop talking to yourself.
Yes  sir.
The only problem with not talking to oneself was that oneself was the most fascinating conversational partner one could imagine.
 Nobody had more patience in listening to one than oneself  and while nobody knew one better than oneself  nobody misunderstood one more than oneself.
 But if talking to oneself was the ideal conversation in the cocktail party of one s imagination  the crapulent major was the annoying guest who kept butting in and ignoring the cues to scram.
 Plots take on a life of their own  don t they.
 he said.
 You gave birth to this plot.
 Now you re the only one who can kill it.
 So it went for the rest of the drive to the country club  the crapulent major whispering in my ear while I held my tongue for so long it hurt  swollen with the words I wanted to say to him.
 Mostly I wished for him what I had once desired for my father  a disappearance from my life.
 After I had received his letter to me in the States that conveyed the news of my mother s death  I had written to Man that if God really did exist  my mother would be alive and my father would not.
 How I wish he were dead.
 In fact  he died not long after I returned  but his death had not brought me the satisfaction I thought it would.
This is a country club.
 the General said when we arrived at our destination.
checked the address; it was the same as on the Congressman s invitation.
 The invitation did mention a country club  and I  too  had pictured that we would drive through winding roads bereft of vehicles and roll up a gravel driveway to a valet waiting in a black vest and bow tie  the pastel prelude to entering a hushed den carpeted with the hides of black bears.
 On the walls  among the picture windows  would hang the antler-crowned heads of deer  gazing with mordant wisdom through clouds of cigar smoke.
 Outside sprawled an expansive golfing green that demanded more water than a Third World city  where quartets of virile bankers practiced a sport whose swinging skills required both the brute  warlike force necessary to disembowel unions as well as the coup de grâce finesse of tax dodging.
 But instead of such a soothing haven where one could always count on an undiminished supply of dimpled golf balls and selfcongratulatory bonhomie  the address we arrived at was a steak house in Anaheim with all the charm of a door-to-door vacuum salesman.
 It seemed an ignoble setting for a private dinner with none other than Richard Hedd  who was visiting on a lecture tour.
After parking the car myself in a lot populated only by American and Teutonic vehicles of recent vintage  I followed the General into the steak house.
The maître d  possessed the mannerisms of an ambassador from a very small country  a careful blend of superciliousness and servitude.
 Hearing the Congressman s name  he softened enough to bow his head slightly and led us through a maze of small dining rooms where red-blooded Americans in argyle sweater vests and button-down oxford shirts feasted on inordinate amounts of porterhouse steak and rack of lamb.
 Our destination was a private room on the second floor  where the Congressman was holding court with several others at a round table large enough for a man to lie on.
 Each of the attendees already had a drink in his hand  and it dawned on me that our lateness was prearranged.
 As the Congressman rose  I calmed the tremor in my gut.
 I was in close quarters with some representative specimens of the most dangerous creature in the history of the world  the white man in a suit.
Gentlemen  we are delighted you can join us  the Congressman said.
 Let me introduce you.
 There were six others prominent businessmen  elected officials  and lawyers as well as Dr.
 Hedd.
 While the Congressman and Dr.
 Hedd were Very Important Persons  the others  including the General  were Semi-Important Persons  as for me  I was a Non-Important Person .
 Hedd was the main attraction of our dinner party  and the General was the secondary attraction.
 The Congressman had arranged the dinner for the General s benefit  an opportunity to expand his network of potential advocates  supporters  and investors  with the big prize being Dr.
 Hedd.
 A good word from Dr.
 Hedd  the Congressman had told the General  can open doors and pocketbooks for your cause.
 Not by accident  then  were the seats on either side of Dr.
 Hedd reserved for the General and myself  and I wasted no time in presenting my copy of his book for an autograph.
I see you ve read this rather closely  the doctor said  riffling through pages dogeared so exhaustively that the book swelled as if waterlogged.
 The young man s a student of the American character  said the Congressman.
 From what the General tells me  and from what I ve seen  I m afraid he might know us better than we know ourselves.
 The men at the table chuckled at such a thought  and I did  too.
 If you re a student of the American character  said Dr.
 Hedd  signing the title page  why are you reading this book.
 It s more about the Asian than it is the American.
 He handed the book back to me  and with the weight of it in my hand  I said  It seems to me that one way to understand a person s character is to understand what he thinks of others  especially those like oneself.
 Hedd regarded me intently over the tops of his rimless glasses  a species of look that always bothered me  even more so coming from a man who had written this: The average Viet Cong fighter does not have a dispute with the real America.
 He has a dispute with the paper tiger created by his overlords  for he is no more than an idealistic young man duped by communism.
 If he understood the true nature of America  he would realize that America was his friend  not his enemy.
 213  Dr.
 Hedd was not speaking of me  exactly  as I was not the average Viet Cong fighter  and yet he was speaking of me  in the sense that he was dealing in types.
Before this meeting I had reviewed his book one more time and found two instances where his categories addressed someone such as myself.
 On the verso side of me: The Vietnamese radical intellectual is our most dangerous foe.
 Likely to have read Jefferson and Montaigne  Marx and Tolstoy  he rightly asks why the rights of man so praised by Western civilization have not been extended to his people.
 He is lost to us.
 Having committed his life to the radical cause  there is no going back for him.
 301  In this assessment Dr.
 Hedd was correct.
 I was the worst kind of cause  the lost cause.
 But then there was this passage  written on the recto side of myself: The young Vietnamese who are enamored of America hold the key to South Vietnam s freedom.
They have tasted the Coca-Cola  as it were  and discovered it to be sweet.
 Cognizant of our American imperfections  they are nevertheless hopeful about our sincerity and our goodwill in working on those flaws.
 It is these young people we must cultivate.
 They will eventually replace the dictatorial generals who were  after all  trained by the French.
 381  These categories existed as pages in a book exist  but most of us were composed of many pages  not just one.
 Still  I suspected  as Dr.
 Hedd scrutinized me  that what he saw was not that I was a book but that I was a sheet  easily read and easily mastered.
 I was going to prove him wrong.
I wager you  gentlemen  said Dr.
 Hedd  returning his attention to the rest of the table  that this young man is the only one among you to have read the entirety of my book.
 The table rippled with unembarrassed laughter  and for some reason I felt that it was I who was the butt of the joke.
 The entirety.
 said the Congressman.
 Come on  Richard.
 I d be amazed if anybody here even read more than the back cover and the blurbs.
 Another round of laughter  but instead of being insulted Dr.
 Hedd seemed amused.
 He was the king of this affair  but he wore his paper crown lightly.
 Doubtless he was used to being feted  given the popularity of his books  the frequency of his appearances on the Sunday morning talk shows  and the prestige of his position as a resident scholar at a Washington think tank.
 Air force generals in particular loved him  employing him as a strategic consultant and regularly dispatching him to brief the president and his advisers on the wonders of bombing.
 Senators and congressmen loved Richard Hedd  too  including our Congressman and those like him whose districts manufactured the planes used for this bombing.
 So far as my book is concerned  he said  a little less honesty and a little more politeness in terms of saving face would seem to be needed.
Only the middle-aged man next to me did not laugh or chuckle.
 His suit was neutral blue  and an inoffensive striped tie was leashed around his neck.
 He was a personal injury lawyer  a maestro of the class-action lawsuit.
 Picking at his Waldorf salad  he said  It s funny you say saving face  Dr.
 Hedd.
 Things have changed  haven t they.
 Twenty or thirty years ago  no American would have said  saving face  with a straight face.
There were many things Americans would not have said with a straight face twenty or thirty years ago that we say today  said Dr.
 Hedd.
  Saving face  is a useful expression  and I say this as someone who fought the Japanese in Burma.
They were tough  said the Congressman  or so my father told me.
 There s nothing wrong with respecting your enemies.
 In fact  it s noble to respect them.
Look at what they ve done with some help from us.
 You can t drive down the street today without seeing a Japanese car.
The Japanese invested big in my country  too  said the General.
 They sold motorbikes and tape recorders.
 I owned a Sanyo stereo myself.
And this was only a couple of decades after they occupied you  the Congressman said.
 Did you know that a million Vietnamese died of famine during the Japanese years.
 The comment was addressed to the other men in suits  who did not laugh or chuckle.
 No kidding  said the personal injury lawyer.
 No kidding  was about the only thing one could say when a statistic such as this arrived after the salad and before the hanger steak and baked potato.
 For a moment everyone squinted at his plate or cocktail  earnest as a patient studying an eye chart.
 As for me  I was calculating how to repair the damage the Congressman had inadvertently inflicted.
 He had complicated our task of being pleasant dinner companions by mentioning famine  something that Americans had never known.
 The word could only conjure otherworldly landscapes of the skeletal dead  which was not the spectral image we wanted to present  for what one should never do was to require other people to imagine they were just like one of us.
 Spiritual teleportation unsettled most people  who  if they thought of others at all  preferred to think that others were just like them or could be just like them.
That tragedy was a long time ago  I said.
 To tell you the truth  most of our countrymen here are less focused on the past than they are on becoming Americans.
How are they doing that.
 Hedd asked  and as he stared over his lenses it seemed to me that I was being examined by four eyes  not two.
 They we  that is believe in life  liberty  and the pursuit of happiness  I said  the answer I had given to many Americans.
 This drew approving nods from everyone at the table except for Dr.
 Hedd  who I had forgotten was an English immigrant.
 He kept his quadriscopic vision turned on me  those dual eyes and dual lenses unsettling.
 So  he said  are you happy.
 It was an intimate question  nearly as personal as asking about my salary  acceptable in our homeland but not here.
 What was worse  however  was that I could not think of a satisfactory answer.
 If I was unhappy  it would reflect badly on me  for Americans saw unhappiness as a moral failure and thought crime.
 But if I was happy  it would be in bad taste to say so  or a sign of hubris  as if I was boasting or gloating.
The waiters arrived at that moment with the solemnity of Egyptian servants ready to be buried alive with their pharaoh  platters with the main courses propped on their shoulders.
 If I thought that having slabs of meat before us would spare me Dr.
 Hedd s attention  I was wrong.
 He repeated his question after the waiters had departed  and I said I was not unhappy.
 The fat balloon of my double negative hung in the air for a moment  ambiguous and vulnerable.
Presumably  Dr.
 Hedd said  you are not unhappy because you are pursuing happiness and have not yet captured it.
 As we all supposedly are  correct  gentlemen.
 The men murmured an assent through mouthfuls of steak and red wine.
 Americans on the average do not trust intellectuals  but they are cowed by power and stunned by celebrity.
 Not only did Dr.
 Hedd have a measure of both  he also possessed an English accent  which affected Americans the way a dog whistle stimulated canines.
 I was immune to the accent  not having been colonized by the English  and I was determined to hold my own in this impromptu seminar.
What about you  Dr.
 Hedd.
 I asked.
 Are you happy.
The doctor was unfazed by my question  parsing his peas with his knife before deciding on a sliver of steak.
 As you evidently realized  he said  there is no good answer to that question.
Isn t yes the good answer.
 said the assistant district attorney.
No  because happiness  American style  is a zero-sum game  sir.
 Hedd slowly turned his head in an arc as he spoke  making sure that he saw every man in the room.
 For someone to be happy  he must measure his happiness against someone else s unhappiness  a process which most certainly works in reverse.
I said I was happy  someone else must be unhappy  most likely one of you.
 But if I said I was unhappy  that might make some of you happier  but it would also make you uneasy  as no one is supposed to be unhappy in America.
 I believe our clever young man has intuited that while only the pursuit of happiness is promised to all Americans  unhappiness is guaranteed for many.
Gloom descended on the table.
 The unspeakable had been spoken  which people like the General and myself could never have uttered in polite white company without rendering ourselves beyond the pale.
 Refugees such as ourselves could never dare question the Disneyland ideology followed by most Americans  that theirs was the happiest place on earth.
 But Dr.
 Hedd was beyond reproach  for he was an English immigrant.
 His very existence as such validated the legitimacy of the former colonies  while his heritage and accent triggered the latent Anglophilia and inferiority complex found in many Americans.
 Hedd was clearly aware of his privilege and was amused at the discomfort he was causing his American hosts.
 It was in this climate that the General intervened.
I m sure the good doctor is right  he said.
 But if happiness is not guaranteed  freedom is  and that  gentlemen  is more important.
Hear  hear  General  said the Congressman  raising his glass.
 Isn t that what the immigrant has always understood.
 The rest of the guests also raised their glasses  even Dr.
 Hedd  smiling enigmatically at the General s redirection of the conversation.
 Such a move was typical on the General s part.
 He knew how to read a crowd  a crucial skill for raising money.
 As I had reported to Man through my Parisian aunt  he had already achieved a degree of fund-raising success  drawing from a handful of organizations to which he had been introduced by Claude  as well as his own contacts among Americans who had visited our country or done tours of duty there.
 These were well-connected men of pedigree  as were those who served on the boards of trustees for these organizations.
 The amount of money they gifted to the Fraternity was moderate by their standards  hardly anything to draw the attention of auditors or journalists.
 But once the Dollar Bill was dispatched abroad to Thailand  some extraordinary hocus-pocus called the exchange rate happened.
 The Dollar Bill might buy a ham sandwich in America  but in a Thai refugee camp the modest green Dollar Bill transformed into colorful Baht  ready to feed a fighting man for days.
 For a little more Baht  our fighting man could be clothed with the latest in olive drab.
 Thus  in the name of helping refugees  these donations met the basic necessities of food and garb for the secret army  consisting  after all  of refugees.
 As for guns and ammunition  they were supplied by the Thai security forces  who in turn received their pocket money from Uncle Sam  carried out with complete transparency and full congressional approval.
It was up to the Congressman  of course  to signal the appropriate moment for us to talk about why we were really there.
 He did so over the baked Alaska and after several rounds of cocktails.
 Gentlemen  the Congressman said  there is a serious reason for our meeting today and renewing our friendship.
 The General has come to talk to us about the plight of our old ally the South Vietnamese soldier  without whom the world would look much worse than it does today.
Indochina did fall to communism  but look what we saved: Thailand  Taiwan  Hong Kong  Singapore  Korea  and Japan.
 These countries are our bulwark against the communist tide.
Let us not forget your Philippines  said Dr.
 Hedd.
 Or Indonesia.
Absolutely.
 Marcos and Suharto had time to put their communists down because the South Vietnamese soldier was their firewall  said the Congressman.
So I think we owe this soldier something besides simple gratitude  which is why I asked you to come here today.
 Now I turn it over to one of the finest guardians of freedom Indochina has ever known.
 General.
The General pushed away his empty snifter and leaned forward with his elbows on the table  his hands clasped.
 Thank you  Congressman.
 It is my humble honor to meet you all.
 Men like you have built the world s greatest weapon  the arsenal of democracy.
 We could never have fought as long as we had against overwhelming forces without your boys and your guns.
 You must remember  gentlemen  how arrayed against us were not only our misguided brothers  but the entire communist world.
 The Russians  the Chinese  the North Koreans they were all there  just as on our side were the many Asians you had befriended.
 How could I ever forget the South Koreans  the Filipinos  and the Thai who fought with us  as well as the Australians and the New Zealanders.
Gentlemen  we did not fight the Vietnam War.
 We did not fight alone.
 We only fought the Vietnam battle in the Cold War between liberty and tyranny  No one is disputing that there is still trouble in Southeast Asia  said Dr.
 Hedd.
I had ever only seen the president dare to interrupt the General  but if he was offended  which he surely was  he betrayed no sign  merely smiling just a touch to express his pleasure at Dr.
 Hedd s contribution.
 But whatever the troubled past  Dr.
 Hedd went on  the region is quieter now  Cambodia aside.
 Meanwhile there are other  immediately urgent issues to worry us.
 The Palestinians  the Red Brigades  the Soviets.
 The threats have changed and metastasized.
 Terrorist commandos have struck in Germany  Italy  and Israel.
 Afghanistan is the new Vietnam.
 We should be worried about that  wouldn t you say  General.
The General furrowed his brow just a bit to show his concern and understanding.
 As a nonwhite person  the General  like myself  knew he must be patient with white people  who were easily scared by the nonwhite.
 Even with liberal white people  one could go only so far  and with average white people one could barely go anywhere.
 The General was deeply familiar with the nature  nuances  and internal differences of white people  as was every nonwhite person who had lived here a good number of years.
 We ate their food  we watched their movies  we observed their lives and psyche via television and in everyday contact  we learned their language  we absorbed their subtle cues  we laughed at their jokes  even when made at our expense  we humbly accepted their condescension  we eavesdropped on their conversations in supermarkets and the dentist s office  and we protected them by not speaking our own language in their presence  which unnerved them.
 We were the greatest anthropologists ever of the American people  which the American people never knew because our field notes were written in our own language in letters and postcards dispatched to our countries of origin  where our relatives read our reports with hilarity  confusion  and awe.
 Although the Congressman was joking  we probably did know white people better than they knew themselves  and we certainly knew white people better than they ever knew us.
 This sometimes led to us doubting ourselves  a state of constant self-guessing  of checking our images in the mirror and wondering if that was really who we were  if that was how white people saw us.
 But for all we thought we knew about them  there were some things we knew we did not know even after many years of forced and voluntary intimacy  including the art of making cranberry sauce  the proper way of throwing a football  and the secret customs of secret societies  like college fraternities  which seemed to recruit only those who would have been eligible for the Hitler Youth.
 Not least among the unknown to us was a sanctum such as this  or so I reported to my Parisian aunt  a hidden chamber where very few of our kind had appeared before  if any.
 As aware of this as I  the General was on mental tiptoes  careful not to offend.
It is funny you bring up the Soviets  the General said.
 As you have written  Dr.
 Hedd  Stalin and the peoples of the Soviet Union are closer in character to Oriental than Occidental.
 Your argument that the Cold War is a clash of civilizations  not just a clash of countries or even ideologies  is absolutely correct.
 The Cold War is really a conflict of Orient and Occident  and the Soviets are really Asiatics who have never learned Western ways  unlike us.
 Of course it was actually I  in preparation for this meeting  or audition  who had summarized for the General these claims in Hedd s book.
 Now I observed Dr.
 Hedd closely for his reaction to my prescription  but his expression did not change.
 Still  I was confident that the General s comments had affected him.
 No author was immune from having his own ideas and words quoted back to him favorably.
 Authors were  at heart  no matter how much they blustered or how suavely they carried themselves  insecure creatures with sensitive egos  as delicate in the constitution as movie stars  only much poorer and less glamorous.
 One only needed to dig deep enough to find that white  fleshy tuber of their secret self  and the sharpest tools with which to do so were always their own words.
 I added my own contribution to this effort and said  It is undisputed that we should confront the Soviets  Dr.
 Hedd.
 But the reason to fight them is related to the reason you advocated for fighting their servants in our country  and why we continue to fight them now.
What reason is that.
 said the ever Socratic Dr.
 Hedd.
I ll tell you the reason  said the Congressman.
 And not in my words  but in the words of John Quincy Adams when he spoke of our great country.
  Wherever the standard of freedom and independence has been or shall be unfurled  there will her heart  her benedictions and her prayers be .
 She  America  is the well-wisher to the freedom and independence of all.
 Hedd smiled again and said  Very good  sir.
 Even an Englishman cannot argue with John Quincy Adams.
What I still don t get is how we lost  the assistant district attorney said  beckoning to the headwaiter for another cocktail.
 In my opinion  said the personal injury lawyer  and hopefully you gentlemen will understand  we lost because we were too cautious.
 We feared harming our reputation  but if we had simply accepted that any damage to it wouldn t last  we could have exerted overwhelming force and showed your people which side deserved to win.
Perhaps Stalin and Mao had the right response  the General said.
 After a few million have died  what s a few million more.
 Didn t you write something to that effect  Dr.
 Hedd.
You have read my book more closely than I expected  General.
 You are a man who has undoubtedly seen the worst of war  as have I  so you will forgive me if I speak the unpalatable truth about why the Americans lost Vietnam.
 Hedd pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose until his eyes finally peered through the lenses.
 Your American generals fought in World War II and knew the value of your Japanese strategies  but they didn t have a free hand to run the war.
Instead of waging a war of obliteration  the only kind of war the Oriental understands and respects nota bene Tokyo  Hiroshima  Nagasaki they had to  or chose to  fight a war of attrition.
 The Oriental interprets that  quite rightly  as weakness.
 Am I wrong  General.
If the Orient has one inexhaustible resource  said the General  it is people.
That is right  and I will tell you something else  General.
 It saddens me to come to this conclusion  but I have seen the evidence for myself  not only in books and archives  but in the battlefields of Burma.
 It must be said.
 Life is plentiful  life is cheap in the Orient.
 And as the philosophy of the Orient expresses it Dr.
 Hedd paused life is not important.
 Perhaps it is insensitive to say  but the Oriental does not put the same high price on life as the Westerner.
I wrote to my Parisian aunt that a moment of silence fell on the table as we absorbed this idea and as the waiters returned with our cocktails.
 The Congressman stirred his drink and said  What do you think  General.
 The General sipped from his cognac and soda  smiled  and said  Of course Dr.
 Hedd is right  Congressman.
 The truth is so often uncomfortable.
 What do you think  Captain.
All the men turned their attention to me  my brimming martini glass halfway to my lips.
 I reluctantly eased it down.
 After three of these libations and two glasses of red wine  I felt full of insight  the air of truth having expanded my mind and needing to be let out.
 Well  I said  I beg to differ from Dr.
 Hedd.
 Life actually is valuable to the Oriental.
 The General frowned and I paused.
 No one else s expression changed  but I could feel the static electricity of tension accumulating.
 So you re saying that Dr.
 Hedd is wrong  said the Congressman  as affable as Dr.
 Mengele must have been in the right company.
 Oh  no  I hastened to say.
 I was sweating  my undershirt damp.
 But you see  gentlemen  while life is only valuable to us I paused again  and my audience inclined toward me by a millimeter or two life is invaluable to the Westerner.
The attention of the men turned to Dr.
 Hedd  who raised his cocktail to me and said  I could not have phrased it better myself  young man.
 With that  the conversation finally exhausted itself  leaving us to nuzzle our cocktails with the affection one reserved for puppies.
 I made eye contact with the General and he nodded approvingly.
 Now  our hosts satisfied with our parley  I could ask a question of my own.
 Perhaps this is naive  I said  but we thought we were coming to a country club.
Our hosts roared with laughter as if I had told a most excellent joke.
 Even Dr.
Hedd seemed to be in on it  chuckling over his Manhattan.
 The General and I grinned  waiting for the explanation.
 The Congressman glanced at the headwaiter  who nodded  and said  Gentlemen  now s a good a time as any to introduce you to the country club.
 Don t forget your cocktails.
 Led by the headwaiter  we filed out of the dining room with cocktails in hand.
 Down the hallway was another door.
 Opening it  the headwaiter said  The gentlemen are here.
 Inside was the room I had been expecting  with wood-paneled walls on which was mounted the head of a buck  its rack of antlers sporting sufficient points for all of us to hang our jackets on.
 The air was smoky and the lighting was dim  the better to flatter the comely young women in slinky dresses arranged on the leather sofas.
Gentlemen  said the Congressman  welcome to the country club.
I don t get it  the General whispered.
I ll tell you later  sir  I muttered.
 I finished my cocktail and handed the glass to the headwaiter as the Congressman beckoned to a pair of young ladies.
 General  Captain  let me introduce you.
 Our companions stood up.
 Elevated by high heels  they were taller than the General and myself by two or three inches.
 Mine was an enormous inflated blonde whose enameled white teeth were not quite as hard and shiny as her Nordic blue eyes.
 In one hand was a coupe of fizzy champagne  and in the other a long-stemmed cigarette holder with a half-smoked cigarette.
She was a professional who had seen the likes of me a thousand times  which I could hardly complain about  given that I had seen the likes of her a fair number of times myself.
 Although I cranked my cheeks and lips into the facsimile of a smile  I could not muster inside myself the usual enthusiasm as the Congressman introduced us.
 Perhaps it was the way she casually flicked the head of ash from her cigarette onto the carpet  but instead of being magnetized by her iron beauty I was distracted by a striation below her jaw  the hemline between the unadorned skin of her neck and the white foundation coating her face.
 What s your name again.
 she said  laughing for no good reason.
 I leaned forward to tell her and nearly fell into the well of her cleavage  my sudden vertigo induced by the chloroform of her thick perfume.
I like your accent  I said  pulling back.
 You must be from somewhere in the South.
Georgia  honey  she said  laughing again.
 You speak real good English for an Oriental.
I laughed  she laughed  and when I looked to the General and his redheaded companion  they  too  were laughing.
 Everyone in the room was laughing  and when the waiters arrived with more champagne  it was clear we were all going to have a most excellent time  including Dr.
 Hedd.
 After handing a glass to his buxom companion and another to me  he said  I hope you do not mind  young man  if I use your memorable turn of phrase in my next book.
 Our female companions looked at me without interest  waiting for my reply.
 Nothing could make me happier  I said  even though I was  for reasons unspeakable in this company  quite unhappy.
The General delivered a surprise to me as we parked outside his unlit residence later that evening  a little past midnight.
 I ve been thinking about your request to return to our homeland  he said from the backseat  eyes visible in my rearview mirror.
 I need you here  but I respect your courage.
 Unlike Bon and the others  however  you ve never been battlefield tested.
 He described the grizzled captain and the affectless lieutenant as war heroes  men whom he would trust with his life in combat.
 But you ll need to prove you can do what they can.
 You ll need to do what must be done.
 Can you do that.
 Of course  sir.
 I hesitated  then asked the obvious question: But what is to be done.
 You know what needs to be done  said the General.
 I sat with my hands still on the steering wheel at ten o clock and two o clock  hoping I was wrong.
 I just want to make sure I do the right thing  sir  I said  looking at him in the rearview mirror.
 What exactly needs to be done.
The General rustled in the back  rummaging through his pockets.
 I brought out my lighter.
 Thanks  Captain.
 For a brief moment the flame lit the palimpsest of his face.
 Then the chiaroscuro died and his face was no longer legible.
 I never told you the story of how I came to spend two years in a communist prison camp  did I.
 Well  no need for graphic details.
 Suffice it to say the enemy had surrounded our men at Dien Bien Phu.
 Not just Frenchmen and Moroccans and Algerians and Germans  but ours  too  thousands of them.
 I volunteered to jump into Dien Bien Phu  though I knew I would also be doomed.
 But I could not let my fellow soldiers die while I did nothing.
 When Dien Bien Phu fell  I was captured along with everybody else.
 Even though I lost two years of my life in prison  I never regretted jumping.
 I became the man I am today by jumping and by surviving that camp.
 But no one asked me to volunteer.
 No one told me what needed to be done.
 No one discussed the consequences.
 All these things were understood.
 Do you understand  Captain.
Yes  sir  I said.
Very good  then.
 If what needs to be done is done  then you can return to our homeland.
 You are a very intelligent young man  Captain.
 I trust you with all the details.
 No need to consult me.
 I ll arrange your ticket.
 You will get it when I receive news of what has been done.
 The General paused  door halfway open.
Country club  huh.
 He chuckled.
 I ll have to remember that.
 I watched him walk up the pathway to his darkened house  where Madame was likely reading in bed  staying awake for his return  as she had waited so often in the villa.
 She knew a general s duties extended past midnight  but was she aware what some of these duties included.
 That we  too  had country clubs.
 Sometimes  after delivering him to the villa  I stood in my socked feet in the hallway and listened for any signs of distress from their room.
 I never heard any  but she was too smart not to know.
As for what I knew  it was this: my Parisian aunt had replied and the invisible words that gradually became visible were succinct.
 Don t come back  Man had written.
 We need you in America  not here.
 These are your orders.
 I burned the letter in a wastebasket  as I had burned all the letters  which was until that moment only a way of getting rid of evidence.
 But in that moment  I confess that burning the letter was also sending it to Hell  or perhaps making an offering to a deity  not God  who could keep Bon and me safe.
 I did not tell Bon about the letter  of course  but I did tell him of the General s offer and sought his counsel.
He was characteristically blunt.
 You re an idiot  he said.
 But I can t stop you from going.
 As for Sonny  nothing to feel bad about.
 The man s got a big mouth.
This consolation was offered the only way he knew how  at a billiards hall where he bought me several drinks and several rounds of pool.
 Something about the fraternal atmosphere of a billiards hall reassured the soul.
 The isolated pool of light over a table of green felt was an indoor hydroponic zone where what grew was the prickly plant of masculine emotion  too sensitive for sunlight and fresh air.
 After a café  but before a nightclub or home  a billiards hall was where one was most likely to encounter the southern Vietnamese man.
 Here he discovered that in billiards  as in lovemaking  accurate and true aim was increasingly difficult in proportion to the amount of alchohol consumed.
 Thus  as the night progressed  our games gradually grew longer and longer.
 To Bon s credit  however  the offer he made me was given in our first game  well before the nub of the night wore away to nothing and we numbly left the pool hall in the first minutes of dawn  exiting onto a lonely street whose only sign of life was a flourdusted baker toiling in a doughnut shop s window.
 I ll do it  Bon said  watching me rack the balls.
 Tell the General you did it  but I ll get him for you.
His offer did not surprise me at all.
 Even as I thanked him  I knew I could not accept it.
 I was venturing into a wilderness many had explored before me  crossing the threshold separating those who had killed from those who had not.
The General was correct that only a man who had received this rite could be allowed to return home.
 What I needed was a sacrament but none existed for this matter.
 Why not.
 Who were we fooling with the belief that God  if He existed  would not want us to acknowledge the sacredness of killing.
 Let us return to another important question of my father s catechism: Q.
 What is man.
 Man is a creature composed of a body and soul  and made to the image and likeness of God.
 Is this likeness in the body or in the soul.
 This likeness is chiefly in the soul.
I need not look in the mirror or at the faces of my fellow men to find a likeness to God.
 I need only look at their selves and inside my own to realize we would not be killers if God Himself was not one  too.
But of course I am talking about not only killing but its subset murder.
 Bon shrugged at my hesitation and leaned over the table  cue stick resting on his splayed hand.
 You re always wanting to learn things  he said.
 Well  there s no greater knowledge than in killing a man.
 He put some english on the cue ball  and when it struck its target it rolled backward gently  aligning itself for the next shot.
 What about love and creation.
 I said.
 Getting married  having children.
You  of all people  should believe in that kind of knowledge.
 He rested his hip on the table s edge  both hands clutching the pool cue propped on his shoulder.
You re testing me  right.
 Okay.
 We have all kinds of ways to talk about life and creation.
 But when guys like me go and kill  everyone s happy we do it and no one wants to talk about it.
 It would be better if every Sunday before the priest talks a warrior gets up and tells people who he s killed on their behalf.
 Listening is the least they could do.
 He shrugged.
 That s not ever happening.
 So here s some practical advice.
 People like to play dead.
 You know how to tell if someone s really dead.
 Press your finger on his eyeball.
 If he s alive  he ll move.
 If he s dead  he won t.
I could see myself shooting Sonny  having seen such an act so many times in the movies.
 But I could not see my finger wiggling the slippery fish ball of his eye.
 Why not just shoot him twice.
 I said.
 Because  smart guy  it makes noise.
goes bang.
 And who said anything about shooting him even once.
 Sometimes we killed VC with things other than guns.
 If it makes you feel any better  this isn t murder.
 It s not even killing.
 It s assassination.
 Ask your man Claude if you haven t already.
 He d show up and say  Here s the shopping list.
 Go and bag some.
 So we d go into the villages at night with the shopping list.
 VC terrorist  VC sympathizer  VC collaborator  maybe VC  probable VC  this one s got a VC in her belly.
 This one s thinking of being a VC.
 This one everybody thinks is VC.
 This one s father or mother is VC  therefore is VC in training.
 We ran out of time before we got them all.
 We should have wiped them out when we had the chance.
 Don t make the same mistake.
 Take out this VC before he gets too big  before he turns others into VC.
 That s all it is.
 Nothing to feel sorry about.
Nothing to cry about.
If it were all so simple.
 The problem with killing all the Viet Cong was that there would always be more  teeming in the walls of our minds  breathing heavily under the floorboards of our souls  orgiastically reproducing out of our sight.
 The other problem was that Sonny was not VC  for a subversive would not  by definition  have a big mouth.
 But maybe I was wrong.
 An agent provocateur was a subversive  and his task was to shoot his mouth off  agitating others in the spin cycle of radicalization.
 In that case  however  the agent provocateur here would not be a communist  spurring the anticommunists to organize against him.
 He would be an anticommunist  encouraging like-minded people to go too far  dizzy with ideological fervor  rancid with resentment.
that definition  the most likely agent provocateur was the General.
 Or the Madame.
 Why not.
 Man assured me we had people in the highest ranks.
 You ll be surprised who gets the medals after the liberation  he said.
 Would I now.
 The joke would be on me if the General and Madame were sympathizers  too.
 A joke we could all laugh at when we were commemorated as Heroes of the People.
With Bon s counsel stashed away  I turned for solace to the only other person whom I could speak to  Lana.
 I came to her apartment the next week with a bottle of wine.
 At home she she looked like a college student in her UC Berkeley sweatshirt  faded blue jeans  and the lightest of makeup.
 She cooked like one  too  but no matter.
 We ate dinner in the living room while watching The Jeffersons  a TV comedy about the unacknowledged black descendants of Thomas Jefferson  America s third president and author of the Declaration of Independence.
 Afterward we drank another bottle of wine  which helped to soften the heavy lumps of starch in our tummies.
 I pointed toward the illuminated architectural masterpieces on a hill in the distance  visible through her window  and told her that one of them belonged to the Auteur  whose opus was soon to be released.
 I had already recounted my misadventures in the Philippines and my suspicion  however paranoid  that the Auteur had tried to kill me.
 I ll admit  I told her  that I ve fantasized about killing him once or twice.
She shrugged and stubbed out her cigarette.
 We all fantasize about killing people  she said.
 Just a passing thought  like  oh  what if I ran over that person with a car.
 Or at least we fantasize what it would be like if someone were dead.
My mother  for example.
 Not really  of course  but just what if .
 right.
 Don t leave me feeling like I m crazy here.
 I had her guitar on my lap  and I strummed a dramatic Spanish chord.
 Since we re confessing  I said  I ve thought about killing my father.
 Not really  of course  but just what if .
 Did I ever tell you he was a priest.
 Her eyes opened wide.
 A priest.
 My God.
Her sincere shock endeared her to me.
 Underneath the nightclub makeup and artificial diva gloss she was still innocent  so unsullied that all I wanted was to rub the emollient  creamy pulp of my ecstatic self onto her soft white skin.
wanted to replicate the oldest dialectic of all with her  the thesis of Adam and the antithesis of Eve that led to the synthesis of us  the rotten apple of humanity  fallen so far from God s tree.
 Not that we were even as pure as our first parents.
If Adam and Eve had debased God s knowledge  we had in turn debased Adam and Eve  so that what I really wanted was the steamy  hot  jungle dialectic of  Me Tarzan  you Jane.
  Were either of these couplings any better than a Vietnamese girl and a French priest.
 My mother used to tell me nothing was wrong with being the love child of such a pair  I told Lana.
 After all  Mama said  we are a people born from the mating of a dragon and a fairy.
 What could be stranger than that.
 But people looked down on me all the same  and I blamed my father.
 When I was growing up  I fantasized that one day he would stand before the congregation and say  Here is my son that you may know him.
 Let him come before you that you should recognize him and love him as I love him.
 Or some such thing.
 I d have been happy if he would just visit and eat with us and call me son in secret.
 But he never did  so I fantasized about a lightning bolt  a mad elephant  a fatal disease  an angel descending behind him at the pulpit and blowing a trumpet in his ear to call him back to his Maker.
That s not fantasizing about killing him.
Oh  but I did  with a gun.
But have you forgiven him.
Sometimes I think I have.
 Sometimes I think I haven t  especially when I think of my mother.
 That means  I suppose  that I haven t really forgiven him.
Lana leaned forward then  resting her hand on my knee.
 Perhaps forgiveness is overrated  she said.
 Her face was closer to me than ever before  and all I need do was lean forward.
 It was then I committed the most perverse act of my life.
declined  or rather  I reclined  putting distance between me and that beautiful face  the tempting crevice of those slightly parted lips.
 I should go  I said.
You should go.
 From the expression on her face  it was clear she had never heard those words before from a man.
 She would not have looked so astonished if I had asked her to commit the most heinous acts of Sodom.
 I stood up before I changed my mind  handing her the guitar.
 There s something I must do.
 Before I can do what needs to be done here.
 It was her turn to recline  amused  and strum a dramatic chord.
 Sounds serious  she said.
 But you know what.
 I like serious men.
If only she knew how serious I could be.
 I drove the hour between her apartment and Sonny s with my hands at ten and two o clock  breathing deeply and methodically to quell my regret at leaving Lana and my nervousness at meeting him.
 Breathing mindfully was a lesson Claude had taught me  learned from the practices of our Buddhist monks.
 Everything came down to focusing on the breath.
 Slowly exhaling and inhaling  one cleared away life s white noise  leaving one s mind free and peaceful to be one with the object of its contemplation.
 When subject and object are the same  Claude said  you don t shake when you squeeze the trigger.
 By the time I parked my car around the corner from Sonny s apartment  my mind was a gull gliding over a beach  carried not by its own will or movement but by the breeze.
 I took off my blue polo shirt and slipped on a white T-shirt.
 I kicked off my brown loafers and removed my khakis  then pulled on a pair of blue jeans and beige canvas shoes.
Last to go on was a reversible windbreaker  the plaid side exposed  and a fedora.
Leaving the car  I carried with me a free tote bag I had received for subscribing to Time magazine  inside of which was a small backpack  the clothes I had just shed  a baseball cap  a blond wig  a pair of tinted glasses  and a black Walther P22 with a silencer.
 The General had given Bon an envelope of cash  and with it Bon had bought the pistol and silencer from the same Chinese gang that had supplied him with the .
 Then he had made me rehearse the plan with him until I had memorized it.
The sidewalk was barren from car to apartment.
 Walking the streets was not an American custom  as I had confirmed after observing the neighborhood several times.
 It was a little past nine o clock when I checked my watch at the entrance to his apartment building  a gray two-story factory for manufacturing hundreds of tired replicas of the American Dream.
 All the inmates imagined their dreams to be unique  but they were merely tin reproductions of a lost original.
 I rang the intercom.
 Allô.
 he said.
 When I announced my presence  there was a slight pause before he said  I ll buzz you in.
 I took the stairs instead of the elevator to avoid meeting anyone.
 On the second floor  I peeked into the hallway to make sure no one was there.
 He opened the door a second after I knocked.
The apartment smelled like home  the scents of fried fish  steamed white rice  and cigarette smoke.
 I know why you re here  he said as I sat down on his couch.
I clutched the tote bag.
 Why am I here.
 I said.
 Sofia  he said  as serious as I was even though his feet were in fuzzy pink slippers.
 He wore sweatpants and a gray cardigan.
 On the dining table behind him hunkered a typewriter with a lip of paper dangling from its roller  the machine abutted by haphazard mounds of documents.
 Under the dining table s chandelier  above an ashtray  floated a slowly dissipating cloud of smoke  the exhaust from Sonny s active brain.
 And on the wall above the table  through that scrim  hung the same clock as in the General and Madame s restaurant  also set to Saigon time.
We never did have the talk we should have had about her  he said.
 Our last conversation was uncomfortable.
 I apologize for that.
 If we had been decent about it  we would have written you a letter in the Philippines.
 His unexpected and seemingly genuine concern for my welfare caught me off guard.
 It was my fault  I said.
 I never wrote her in the first place myself.
 We both looked at each other for a moment and then he smiled and said  I m being a bad host.
 I haven t even offered you a drink.
 How about it.
 Despite my protestations  he leaped up and went to the kitchen  exactly as Bon predicted.
 I put my hand on the Walther P22 in the tote bag but I could not find the will to stand up  follow him into the kitchen  and quickly put a bullet behind his ear as Bon had advised.
 It s the merciful thing to do  he said.
 Yes  it was  but the lump of starch in my stomach glued me to the couch  upholstered in a scratchy  stain-resistant fabric designed for motel room trysts.
 Stacks of books on the industrial carpet sandbagged the walls  and on top of the antique television a silver stereo muttered.
 Above the armchair  a blotchy  amateurish painting in the style of a demented Monet illustrated an interesting principle  that beauty is not needed to make a milieu more attractive.
 A very ugly object can also make an ugly room less ugly by comparison.
 Another affordable way to add a drop of loveliness to the world was not to change it but to change how one saw it.
 This was one of the purposes for the bottle of bourbon that Sonny returned with  a third full.
You hear that.
 he said  nodding at the stereo.
 The two of us cuddled the glasses of bourbon in our laps.
 After all the Cambodian attacks on our border towns  we just raided Cambodia.
 You d think we d had enough of war that we wouldn t want another one.
 I thought about how the border clash with the Khmer Rouge was an incredible stroke of good luck for the General  a distraction to keep everyone looking elsewhere than our Laotian border.
 The problem with winning  I said  is that everyone s so riled up they re ready to fight again.
nodded and sipped his bourbon.
 The good thing about losing is it keeps you from fighting another war  at least for a while.
 Although that s not true for your General.
 I was about to protest when he raised his hand and said  Forgive me.
I m talking politics again.
 I swear not to talk about politics tonight  my brother.
You know how hard that is for someone who believes everything is political.
Even bourbon.
 I said.
 He grinned.
 All right  so perhaps bourbon is not political.
 I don t know what to talk about besides politics.
 It s a weakness.
 Most people can t tolerate it.
 But Sofia can.
 I talk to her like no one else.
 That s love.
So you re in love with her.
You weren t in love with her  were you.
 She said you weren t.
If she said so  then I guess I wasn t.
I understand.
 Losing her hurts even if you didn t love her.
 That s human nature.
 You want her back.
 You don t want to lose her to someone like me.
 But please  see it from my point of view.
 We didn t plan anything.
 It s just that when we started talking at the wedding  we couldn t stop.
 Love is being able to talk to someone else without effort  without hiding  and at the same time to feel absolutely comfortable not saying a word.
 At least that s one way I ve figured out how to describe love.
 I ve never been in love before.
 It leaves me with this strange need to find the right metaphor to describe being in love.
 Like I am a windmill  and she is the wind.
 Stupid  yes.
No  not at all  I mumbled  realizing we had broached a topic more problematic than politics.
 I looked down at the nearly empty glass cupped in my hand  and through the skim of bourbon at the bottom of the glass I saw the red scar.
 It s not her fault  he said.
 I gave her my number at the wedding and asked for hers  because  I said  wouldn t it be great if I could write an article about how a Japanese sees us Vietnamese.
 Japanese American  she corrected me.
 Not Japanese.
 And Vietnamese American  not Vietnamese.
 You must claim America  she said.
 America will not give itself to you.
 If you do not claim America  if America is not in your heart  America will throw you into a concentration camp or a reservation or a plantation.
 And then  if you have not claimed America  where will you go.
 We can go anywhere  I said.
 You think that way because you weren t born here  she said.
 I was  and I have nowhere else to go.
 If I had children  they  too  would have nowhere else.
 They will be citizens.
 This is their country.
 And at that moment  with those words of hers  a desire I had never experienced came over me.
 I wanted to have a child with her.
Me  who had never wanted marriage.
 Who could never imagine being a father.
Can I have another drink.
Of course.
 He refilled my glass.
 You stupid bastard  Bon s voice in my head said.
 You re making this worse.
 Get it over with.
 Now  Sonny continued  I realize that so far as children and fatherhood goes  it s more dream than possibility.
 Sofia is past her childbirthing years.
 But there s adoption.
 I think it s time to think of someone else besides me.
 Before I only wanted to change the world.
 I still want that  but it was ironic how I never wanted to change myself.
Yet that s where revolutions start.
 And it s the only way revolutions can continue  if we keep looking inward  looking at how others might see us.
 That s what happened when I met Sofia.
 I saw myself the way she saw me.
With that  he lapsed into silence.
 My resolve was so weakened I could not raise my right arm to reach into the bag for the gun.
 Listen  I said.
 I have something to confess to you.
So you do love Sofia.
 He looked genuinely sad.
 I m sorry.
I m not here because of Ms.
 Mori.
 Can we just talk about politics instead.
As you wish.
I asked you before if you were a communist.
 You said you wouldn t tell me if you were.
 But what if I told you I was a communist.
 He smiled  shaking his head.
 I don t believe in the hypothetical  he said.
 What s the point of playing a game of what or who you might be.
 It s not a game  I said.
 I am a communist.
I m your ally.
 I have been an agent for the opposition and the revolution for years.
 What do you think about that.
What do I think.
 He hesitated in disbelief.
 Then his face turned bright red in fury.
 I don t believe it at all is what I think.
 I think you ve come here to trick me.
You want me to say I m a communist  too  so you can kill me or expose me  don t you.
I m trying to help you  I said.
How exactly are you trying to help me.
I had no answer to his question.
 I confess that I do not know what brought me to make my confession to him.
 Or  rather  I did not know then  but perhaps I do know now.
 I had worn my mask for so long  and here was my opportunity to take it off  safely.
 I had stumbled to this action instinctively  out of a feeling that was not unique to me.
 I cannot be the only one who believes that if others just saw who I really was  then I would be understood and  perhaps  loved.
 But what would happen if one took off the mask and the other saw one not with love but with horror  disgust  and anger.
 What if the self that one exposes is as unpleasing to others as the mask  or even worse.
Did the General put you up to this.
 he said.
 I can see the two of you plotting away.
 If I was gone  it would be good for him and for you  no doubt.
Listen to me  You re jealous because I have Sofia  even though you don t even love her.
knew you d be angry  but I didn t think you d stoop this low and come bait me.
How stupid do you think I am.
 Did you think you d suddenly be attractive to Sofia again if you said you were a communist.
 You don t think she d smell your desperation and laugh in your face.
 My God  I can t even imagine what she ll say when I tell her  Although it seems impossible to miss from five feet away  it is very possible  especially after too much wine and a tumbler or two of bourbon suffused with the bitter peat of the past.
 The bullet punctured the radio  muffling but not silencing it.
 He looked at me in utter astonishment  his gaze fixed on the gun in my hand  the silencer adding a few more inches.
 I had stopped breathing  my heart had ceased beating.
 The gun jerked and he cried out  pierced in the hand that he had flung up.
 Suddenly awakened to his impending death  he leaped to his feet and turned to run.
 The third bullet struck between shoulder blade and spine  staggering but not stopping him as I jumped over the coffee table  catching up before he reached the door.
 Now I was in the ideal position  or so Bon told me  a foot behind my subject  in his blind spot  where one really could not miss.
 Click  clack went the gun  one bullet behind the ear  another in the skull  and Sonny fell face-first with enough graceless weight to break his nose.
I stood over his prone body  cheek down on the carpet  copious amounts of blood gushing from the holes drilled in his head.
 At the angle at which I stood  behind him  I could not see his eyes but I could see his upturned hand with the bloody hole in his palm  his arm bent awkwardly beside him.
 The lump of starch had dissolved  but now its liquid results sloshed in my guts and threatened to spill.
 I inhaled deeply and exhaled slowly.
 I thought of Ms.
 Mori  most likely at home  cat on her lap  reading a radical feminist treatise  waiting for Sonny to call  the call that never would come  the call that defined our relationship to God  whom we forlorn lovers were always calling.
 Now Sonny had crossed the greatest divide  leaving behind only his cold  darkened shade  his lamp forever extinguished.
 On the back of his cardigan a crimson stain spread  while around his head a bloody halo swelled.
 A wave of nausea and chills shook me  and my mother said  You ll be better than all of them  won t you  my son.
I inhaled deeply and exhaled slowly  once  twice  and one more time  slowing my shaking to a trembling.
 Remember  Bon said inside my head  you re doing what has to be done.
 The list of other things in need of doing returned.
 I took off my windbreaker and T-shirt and put my blue polo shirt back on.
 The jeans and canvas shoes came off  replaced by khakis and loafers.
 I reversed the windbreaker to expose the plain white side  swapped the fedora for the wig  its blond hair touching the base of my neck  and put on the baseball cap.
 Last came the tinted glasses  my change complete after the tote bag and the gun went into the backpack.
 The wig  cap  and glasses were Bon s idea.
 He had made me try the look on in front of the bathroom mirror  foggy with a year s worth of spattered toothpaste foam.
 he said.
 Now you re a white man.
 To me I still looked like me  hidden by a disguise much too normal for a masked ball or a Halloween party.
 But that was the point.
 If someone did not know what I looked like  I did not look like I was in disguise.
I wiped the fingerprints off my glass with my handkerchief  and it was with the handkerchief wrapped around the doorknob that I thought I heard Sonny moan.
 I looked down at the back of his shattered head  but I could hear nothing more above the thrumming of blood in my ears.
 You know what you have to do  Bon said.
 I got on my knees  lowering my face to look Sonny in his one exposed eye.
 When the liquid contents of my dinner rose up against the back of my throat  I clapped my hand over my mouth.
 I swallowed hard and tasted vileness.
Sonny s eye was lusterless and blank.
 He must surely be dead  but as Bon had told me  sometimes the dead did not know they were dead yet.
 So it was that I reached forth my index finger  slowly  closer and closer to that eye  which moved not at all.
 My finger hovered an inch before the eye  then a few millimeters.
 No movement.
 Then my finger touched that soft  rubbery eye  the texture of a peeled quail egg  and he blinked.
 I jumped back as his body shuddered  just a little  and then I fired another bullet into his temple from a foot away.
 Now  Bon said  he s dead.
I inhaled deeply  exhaled slowly  and almost threw up.
 A little more than three minutes had elapsed since the first shot.
 I inhaled deeply  exhaled slowly  and my liquid contents achieved precarious equilibrium.
 After all was still  I opened Sonny s door and walked out with presidential confidence  as Bon recommended.
 Breathe  Claude said.
 So I breathed  running down the echoing stairway  and I breathed once more as I exited into the lobby  where the front door was opening.
He was a white man  the lawn mower of middle age having blazed a broad swatch of baldness through his hair.
 The well-tailored  cheap-looking suit bolted to his considerable body implied he worked in one of those low-paying professions where appearances counted  where one worked on commission.
 His wingtips glistened with the sheen of frozen fish.
 I knew all this because I looked at him  which Bon said not to do.
 Don t make eye contact.
 Don t give people a reason to give you a second look.
 But he did not even look at me.
 Eyes straight ahead  he walked by as if I were invisible  a ghost or  more likely  just another unremarkable white man.
 I passed through his vapor trail of artificial pheromone  the dime-store cologne of the macho male  and caught the front door before it closed.
 Then I was on the street  breathing in the Southern Californian air  fine-grained with the particulates of smog  heady with the realization that I could go wherever I wanted.
 I made it as far as my car.
 There  kneeling by the wheel well  I vomited  heaving until nothing was left  staining the gutter with the tea leaves of my insides.
It s normal  Bon said the next morning.
 He soothed the hematoma swelling from my mind with the aid of a fine bottle of scotch  granted by the General.
just had to be done  and we re the ones who have to live with it.
 Now you understand.
 Drink up.
 We drank up.
 You know what the best cure is.
 I had thought the best cure was to return to Lana  which I had done after leaving Sonny s apartment  but even an unforgettable evening with her had not helped me forget what I had done to Sonny.
 I shook my head slowly  careful not to rattle my bruised brain.
 Getting back to the battlefield.
 You ll feel better in Thailand.
 If that was true  then fortunately I did not have to wait long.
 We were leaving tomorrow  the scheduling planned to help me avoid any possibility of entanglement with the law and to avoid my plot s obvious weakness  Ms.
 Mori.
On hearing of Sonny s death  her first thoughts might be confused  but her subsequent thoughts would turn to me  her jilted lover.
 The General had trusted that I would get the deed done on the date I promised  and he had provided me with my ticket the previous week.
 We were in his office  the newspaper on his desk  and when I opened my mouth  he lifted his hand and said  It goes without saying  Captain.
 I closed my mouth.
 I inspected the ticket  and that evening I wrote my Parisian aunt.
 In code  I told Man that I accepted responsibility for disobeying his orders  but that I was returning with Bon to save his life.
 I did not inform Man of my plan for how to do that  because I still did not have one.
 But I had gotten Bon into this situation  and it was up to me to get him out of it if I could.
So  two days after the deed was done  with no one yet having noticed Sonny s absence  except  perhaps  for Ms.
 Mori  we left with no fanfare aside from that provided by the General and Madame at the airport gate.
 There were four of us departing on this unlikely trip Bon  myself  the grizzled captain  and the affectless lieutenant slung across the Pacific in a tubular  subsonic Boeing airliner.
 Good-bye  America  the grizzled captain said during our ascent  looking out the window at a landscape I could not see from my aisle seat.
 I ve had enough of you  he said.
 The affectless lieutenant  sitting in the middle  agreed.
Why did we ever call it the beautiful country.
 he said.
 I had no answer.
 I was in a daze and terribly uncomfortable  sharing my seat as I was with the crapulent major on one side and Sonny on the other.
 It was only my seventh time on a jet airplane.
 I had flown to and from America for college  then flew with Bon from Saigon to Guam and Guam to California  followed by my round trip to the Philippines  and now this.
 My chances of returning to America were small  and I thought with regret about all the things I would miss about America: the TV dinner; air-conditioning; a well-regulated traffic system that people actually followed; a relatively low rate of death by gunfire  at least compared with our homeland; the modernist novel; freedom of speech  which  if not as absolute as Americans liked to believe  was still greater in degree than in our homeland; sexual liberation; and  perhaps most of all  that omnipresent American narcotic  optimism  the unending flow of which poured through the American mind continuously  whitewashing the graffiti of despair  rage  hatred  and nihilism scrawled there nightly by the black hoodlums of the unconscious.
 There were also many things about America with which I was less enchanted  but why be negative.
 I would leave the anti-American negativity and pessimism to Bon  who had never assimilated and was relieved to go.
 It s like I ve been hiding in someone else s house  he said somewhere over the Pacific.
 He was sitting across the aisle from me.
 The Japanese stewardesses were serving tempura and tonkatsu  which tasted better than the last word the General had forced into my mouth at the departure gate.
 In between the walls  Bon said  listening to other people live  coming out only at night.
 I can breathe now.
 We re going back where everyone looks like us.
 Like you  I said.
 I don t look like everyone there.
Bon sighed.
 Stop bitching and moaning  he said  filling my teacup with the whiskey the General had given him at the gate.
 Your problem isn t that you think too much; your problem is letting everyone know what you re thinking.
I ll just shup up then  I said.
 Yes  just shut up  he said.
 All right  then  I ll shut up  I said.
 Jesus Christ  he said.
After a sleepless twenty-hour trek that involved changing planes in Tokyo  we arrived in Bangkok.
 I was exhausted  not having been able to sleep.
 Every time I closed my eyes  I saw either the crapulent major s face or Sonny s  which I could not bear to look at for long.
 Thus it was not surprising that when I picked up my rucksack from the baggage carousel  I found it to be heavier than I remembered  loaded as it was now with guilt  dread  and anxiety.
 The overstuffed rucksack was my only piece of luggage  for before leaving our apartment  we had given the key to the Reverend R-r-r-r-amon and told him to sell our things and keep the money for his Church of Everlasting Prophets.
 All my belongings now fit in the rucksack  my copy of Asian Communism and the Oriental Mode of Destruction in its false bottom  the book so well worn it had nearly split in two along its cracked spine.
 Everything else we needed would be provided in Thailand  the General said.
 Matters would be handled by the admiral in charge of the base camp and by Claude  who would be there in a guise familiar to him  working for a nongovernmental organization that assisted refugees.
 He greeted us at the international gate dressed in a Hawaiian shirt and linen pants  looking the same as I had seen him last at Professor Hammer s house  except for being deeply tanned.
 It s great to see you guys  he said  shaking my hand and those of the others.
 Welcome to Bangkok.
 You guys ever been here.
 Didn t think so.
 We ve got one night and we re painting the town red.
 My treat.
 He threw his arm around my shoulders and squeezed with genuine affection  leading me through the throbbing crowd and toward the exit.
 Perhaps it was only my state of mind  its consistency close to porridge  but every one of the natives we passed seemed to be looking at the two of us.
 I wondered if among them was one of Man s agents.
 You look good  Claude said.
 You ready to do this thing.
Of course  I said  all my dread and anxiety bubbling in a compartment somewhere behind my bowels.
 I had the vertiginous feeling one gets standing at the precipice of an unresolved plan  for I had brought Bon and myself to the brink of disaster without knowing how to save us.
 But was not this how all plans developed  unknown to their maker until he wove for himself a parachute  or else melted into air.
 I could hardly ask that question of Claude  who always seemed to be the master of his own fate  at least until the fall of Saigon.
squeezed my shoulder again.
 I m proud of you  buddy.
 I just wanted you to know that.
 We both walked in silence for a moment  allowing this sentiment to circulate  and then he squeezed my shoulder again and said  I m going to show you the best time of your life.
 I grinned and he grinned  the thing unsaid being that this might be the last best time of my life.
 His enthusiasm and concern touched me  his way of saying he loved me  or possibly his way of providing me with the equivalent of a doomed man s last meal.
 He led us outside the terminal and into the seasonable late December weather  the best time of the year to visit the region.
 We loaded ourselves into a van  and Claude said  You don t get over jet lag by going to a hotel and getting some sleep.
 I m going to keep you awake until nighttime  and then tomorrow we re setting out for the camp.
The driver steered us onto a road jammed with vans  trucks  and motorbikes.
We were surrounded by the honking  beeping  and roaring of an urban metropolis engorged with automotive metal  human flesh  and unspoken emotion.
 Remind you guys of home.
 said Claude.
 This is the closest you guys have been for years.
 Same-same like Saigon  the grizzled captain said.
 Samesame but different  said Claude.
 No war and no refugees.
 All that s on the border  where you guys are going.
 Claude passed out cigarettes and we all lit up.
First it was the Laotians running across the border.
 Now we have a lot of Hmong.
 All very sad  but helping refugees does get us access to the countryside.
The affectless lieutenant shook his head and said  Laos.
 Very evil communists there.
 Claude said  Is there any other kind.
 But Laos itself is the closest thing to paradise Indochina s got.
 I spent time there during the war and it was incredible.
I love those people.
 They re the gentlest  most hospitable people on earth except when they want to kill you.
 When he exhaled smoke  the tiny fan mounted on the dashboard blew it back toward us.
 At some point  had Claude and other foreigners considered us to be the gentlest  most hospitable people on earth.
had we always been a warlike  aggressive people.
 I suspected the latter.
As the driver exited from the freeway  Claude nudged me and said  I heard about what you did.
 What I did.
 What did I do.
 When Claude said nothing and kept his steady gaze on me  I remembered the one thing that I had done that must be passed over in silence.
 Oh  yeah  I muttered.
 Don t feel bad  said Claude.
From what the General told me  that guy was asking for it.
 I can guarantee you he didn t ask for it  I said.
 That s not what I meant  said Claude.
 It s just that I ve seen plenty of his kind.
 Professional malcontents.
 Self-righteous masochists.
They re so unhappy with everything that they re never going to be happy until they re trussed for execution.
 And you know what his kind would say when he s facing the firing squad.
 I told you so.
 The only thing different in your case is that the poor slob didn t have time to think about it.
 If you say so  Claude  I said.
I m not saying so  he said.
 It s in the book.
 He s the guilt-ridden character.
I could see the pages of the book that Claude was referring to  the interrogation manual we had pored over in his course  the book that went under the name KUBARK.
 It had definitions of several character types the interrogator was likely to meet  and unbidden  the paragraph about the guilt-ridden character rippled before my eyes.
This kind of person has a strong  cruel  unrealistic conscience.
 His whole life seems devoted to reliving his feelings of guilt.
 Sometimes he seems determined to atone; at other times he insists that whatever went wrong is the fault of somebody else.
 In either event he seeks constantly some proof or external indication that the guilt of others is greater than his own.
 He is often caught up completely in efforts to prove that he has been treated unjustly.
 In fact  he may provoke unjust treatment in order to assuage his conscience through punishment.
 Persons with intense guilt feelings may cease resistance and cooperate if punished in some way  because of the gratification induced by punishment.
Perhaps this was  indeed  Sonny  but I would never know for sure  as I would have no more opportunities to interrogate him.
Here we are  said Claude.
 Our destination was an alley over which hung a rainbow of artificial neon light  the sidewalks thronged with pale-faced primates of all ages and sizes  some with military crew cuts and some with the long hair of the hippie tribe  all inebriated or about to be inebriated  many howling and hooting in considerable agitation.
 Bars and clubs lined the entire alley  and in the doorways stood girls with bare limbs and exquisitely painted features.
 The van stopped at an establishment above whose door rose a gigantic vertical sign in bright yellow that spelled GOLDEN COCK.
 The door was held open by two girls who appeared to be twenty or so  which meant that they were mostly likely anywhere from fifteen to eighteen.
 They stood on six-inch heels and wore what euphemistically could be called clothing halter tops and bikini bottoms not even as substantial as their kind smiles  as loving and gentle as those of kindergarten teachers.
 Oh boy  said the grizzled captain  grinning so widely I could see his decaying molars.
 Even the affectless lieutenant said  Nice  though he did not smile.
 Glad you like it  said Claude.
 It s all for you.
 The affectless lieutenant and the grizzled captain had already entered when Bon said  No.
 What.
 A walk.
 Claude said.
 You want private company.
 You ll get it  trust me.
 These girls are veterans.
 They know how to take care of shy guys.
 Bon shook his head  the look in his eyes almost one of fear.
 It s okay  I said.
 I ll take a walk with you.
 Hell no.
 Claude said  grabbing Bon by the elbow.
 I get it.
 Not every guy is up for this kind of thing.
 But take a walk and you deny your good buddy here the night of his life.
 So just come on in and sit down and have some drinks.
 You don t have to touch.
 You don t even have to look if you don t want.
Just sit with your eyes closed.
 But you re doing it for your pal  not yourself.
How about it.
 I put my hand on Claude s arm and said  It s okay.
 Leave him alone.
 Not you  too  said Claude.
Yes  me too.
 Bon had apparently infected me with his morality  a disease likely to be fatal.
 I offered him a cigarette after Claude gave up attempting to persuade us and went inside  and together we stood there smoking  ignoring the touts tugging at our shirts but unable to ignore the passing troops of tourists who bumped and shoved us.
 Gawd  someone behind me said  didja see what she did with that Ping-Pong ball  mate.
 Ping-Pong ching-chong  someone else said.
Long schlong duk dong.
 Bloody hell  I think the bitch pinched my wallet.
 Bon threw his cigarette away and said  Let s get out of here before I kill somebody.
shrugged.
 Where to.
 He pointed over my shoulder  and when I turned I saw the movie poster that had caught his eye.
We watched The Hamlet in a movie theater full of locals who had not yet learned that cinema was a hallowed art form  that one did not  during the performance  blow one s nose without a tissue; bring one s own snack  beverage  or picnic; beat one s child or  conversely  sing a crying baby a lullaby; call out affectionately to friends several rows away; discuss past  present  and future plot points with one s seatmate; or sprawl so widely in one s seat that one s thigh rested against a neighbor s for the entire duration.
 But who was to say they were wrong.
 How else could one tell whether a movie was faring well or badly if the audience did not respond to it.
 The audience seemed to enjoy themselves thoroughly  given the cheering and clapping  and God help me if I did not also find myself caught up in the story and the sheer spectacle.
 The scene the audience reacted to most strongly was the climactic battle  during which my own jet-lagged heart also beat faster.
 Perhaps it was the menacing  Beethoven-like score with its infernal repetitition of notes saturated in the devil s deep pitch  dum-dum-DA-dum-DA-dum-DA-DA-DAAAA; perhaps it was the hissing helicopter blades  reduced to slow-motion sound; perhaps it was the crosscutting between the gazes of Bellamy and Shamus  riding their airborne steeds  with the gazes of the Viet Cong girls peering through the crosshairs of their antiaircraft cannons; perhaps it was the bombs bursting in air; perhaps it was the sight of the Viet Cong savages being given a bloodbath  the only kind of bath they were likely to take; perhaps it was all these things that made me wish for a gun in my hand so I  too  could participate in the Old Testament slaughter of the Viet Cong who looked  if not exactly like me  fairly close to me.
 They certainly looked exactly like my fellow spectators  who whooped and laughed as a variety of American-made weaponry vaporized  pulverized  lacerated  and splattered their not-so-distant neighbors.
 I twisted in my seat  fully awoken from my torpor.
wanted to close my eyes but could not  unable to do more than blink a few times rapidly since the preceding scene  the only one where the audience had fallen completely quiet.
This was also the only scene I had not seen filmed.
 The Auteur used no music  the agony unreeling with only Mai s screams and protests  underscored by the VC quartet s laughing  cursing  and jeering.
 The lack of music only made more audible the audience s sudden silence  and mothers who had not bothered to turn away their children s faces from the gutting  shooting  hacking  and decapitation now clapped their hands over the eyes of their babes.
 Long shots from the cave s darkened corners depicted a human octopus writhing at the cave s center  the naked Mai struggling under the backs and limbs of her half-naked rapists.
 While we saw glimpses of her naked body  most of it was obscured by the strategically placed legs  arms  and buttocks of the VC  with the flesh tones  the scarlet blood  and their tattered black-and-brown clothing rendered in a painterly Renaissance shading that recalled for me faint memories of an art history class.
 Alternating with these long shots were extreme close-ups of Mai s battered face with its howling mouth and bloody nose  one eye so swollen it had closed completely.
The most extended shot of the movie was devoted to this face filling the entire screen  her open eye wheeling in its socket  blood sputtering on her lips as she screamed Mamamamamamamamamamamamamamamama.
I cringed  and when finally the movie cut to the reverse shot and we saw these red-skinned demons as seen from Mai s eye  faces flushed from home-brewed rice wine  bared teeth crusty with lichen  squinty eyes squeezed shut in ecstasy  the only possible feeling burning in one s gut was the desire for their utter extinction.
 This was what the Auteur provided next  in the gruesome finale of hand-to-hand combat  which could also double as a medical school training film in anatomical dissection.
By the movie s last shot  of innocent Danny Boy sitting in the open doorway of a Huey helicopter ascending slowly into the clear blue heavens  weeping as he gazed over his war-ravaged homeland  destined for a country where women s breasts produced not just milk but milkshakes or so the GIs told him I had to admit to the Auteur s talent  the way one might admire the technical genius of a master gunsmith.
 He had hammered into existence a thing of beauty and horror  exhilirating for some and deadly for others  a creation whose purpose was destruction.
 As the credits began rolling  I felt touched by shame for having contributed to this dark work  but also pride in the contributions of my extras.
Faced with ungraceful roles  they had comported themselves with as much grace as possible.
 There were the four veterans who played VC RAPIST #1  VC RAPIST #2  VC RAPIST #3  and VC RAPIST #4  as well as the others who had made their screen debuts as DESPERATE VILLAGER  DEAD GIRL  LAME BOY  CORRUPT OFFICER  PRETTY NURSE  BLIND BEGGAR  SAD REFUGEE  ANGRY CLERK  WEEPING WIDOW  IDEALISTIC STUDENT  GENTLE WHORE  and CRAZY GUY IN WHOREHOUSE.
 But I did not take pride in just my own.
 There were also all those colleagues who dedicated themselves behind the scenes  like Harry.
 This artist was sure to score an Oscar nomination for his fanatically detailed sets  his valuable work unmarred even by the minor incident involving his hiring of a local fixer to furnish actual corpses from a nearby graveyard for the finale.
the gendarmes who came to arrest him  he said  with genuine contriteness  I didn t think it was illegal  officers.
 All was reconciled with the speedy return of the corpses to their graves and a substantial donation by the Auteur to the policemen s benevolent association  otherwise known as the local brothel.
grimaced at seeing Violet s name as assistant producer  but conceded that she had a right to come before me in the hierarchy of credits.
 I recalled fondly the unending sustenance supplied by the artisans of craft services  the dedicated care of the first aid team  and the efficient daily transportation provided by the drivers  although  to be frank  my services were more specialized than any of those.
 I do admit that perhaps my bicultural  bilingual skills were not as unique as those of the trainer who taught various tricks and commands to the adorable mutt playing the adopted native pet of the Green Berets  credited as SMITTY THE DOG  or the exotic animal handler who flew in on a DC-3 charter with a surly Bengal tiger in a cage LILY and who ensured the docility of the elephants  ABBOTT and COSTELLO.
 But while I admired the cheerful  prompt work of the laundresses  DELIA  MARYBELLE  CORAZON  and so on did they merit appearing before me.
 The names of the laundresses continued their upward scroll  and it was only with the acknowledgments of the mayor  the councilmen  the head of the tourist bureau  the Philippine armed forces  and First Lady Imelda Marcos and President Ferdinand Marcos that I realized my name was never coming at all.
By the time the sound track and film stock credits had passed  my grudging acknowledgment of the Auteur had evaporated  replaced by boiling murderous rage.
 Failing to do away with me in real life  he had succeeded in murdering me in fiction  obliterating me utterly in a way that I was becoming more and more acquainted with.
 I was still steaming as we left the theater  my emotions hotter than the temperate night.
 What did you think.
 I asked Bon  silent as usual after a movie.
 He smoked his cigarette and waved for a taxi.
 Well  what did you think.
He finally looked at me  his gaze a mix of pity and disappointment.
 You were going to make sure we came off well  he said.
 But we weren t even human.
rattling taxi pulled to the curb.
 Now you re a movie critic.
 I said.
 Just my opinion  college boy  he said  climbing inside.
 What do I know.
 If it wasn t for me  I said  slamming the door shut  there wouldn t even be any roles at all for our people.
 We would just be target practice.
 He sighed and rolled his window down.
 All you did was give them an excuse  he said.
 Now white people can say  Look  we got yellow people in here.
 We don t hate them.
 We love them.
 He spat out the window.
 You tried to play their game  okay.
 But they run the game.
 You don t run anything.
 That means you can t change anything.
 Not from the inside.
When you got nothing  you got to change things from the outside.
We spoke no more for the duration of the ride  and when we got to our hotel  he fell asleep almost right away.
 I lay in our darkened room with an ashtray on my chest  smoking and contemplating how I had failed at the one task both Man and the General could agree on  the subversion of the Movie and all it represented  namely our misrepresentation.
 I tried to fall asleep but could not  kept awake by the blare of horns and the unnerving sight of Sonny and the crapulent major lying on the ceiling above me  behaving as if they always passed their time thus.
 The monotonous squeaking of bed springs next door did not help  the squeaking going on for such an absurdly long time that I felt sorry for what I assumed was the poor  silent woman enduring it all.
 When the male involved squawked his battle cry  I was relieved it was all over  although it wasn t  for when that concluded  his partner uttered his own deep  protracted  appreciative masculine mating call.
 The surprises just would not end  not since the General and Madame came to see us off at the airport  he in a herringbone suit and she in a lilac ao dai.
 He had presented us four heroes with a bottle of whiskey each  taken a picture with us  and shook each of our hands before we passed through the ticket gate  myself coming last.
 With me  however  he held on and said  Just a word  Captain.
I stepped aside to let the other passengers board.
 Yes  sir.
 You know Madame and I look on you as our adopted son  said the General.
 I didn t know that  sir.
The look on his face and Madame s was grim  but that was the same look my father usually gave me.
 How could you  then.
 said Madame.
 I was used to dissembling and I manufactured a look of surprise.
 How could I what.
 Try to seduce our daughter  the General said.
 Everyone s talking about it  said Madame.
 Everyone.
 I said.
 The rumors  the General said.
 I should have seen it when you spoke with her at the wedding  but no.
 It never occurred to me that you would encourage my daughter in her nightclub pursuits.
 Not only this  Madame added  but the two of you made a spectacle out of yourselves at the nightclub.
 Everyone saw it.
 The General sighed.
 That you would attempt to defile her  he said  was something I could hardly believe.
 Not after you lived in my house and treated her as a child and a sister.
 A sister  Madame emphasized.
am sorely disappointed in you  said the General.
 I wanted you here by my side.
would never have let you go except for this.
Sir  You should have known better  Captain.
 You are a soldier.
 Everything and everyone belongs in his proper place.
 How could you ever believe we would allow our daughter to be with someone of your kind.
My kind.
 I said.
 What do you mean by my kind.
Oh  Captain  said the General.
 You are a fine young man  but you are also  in case you have not noticed  a bastard.
 They waited for me to say something  but the General had stuffed the one word in my mouth that could silence me.
 Seeing that I had nothing to say  they shook their heads in anger  sorrow  and recrimination  leaving me at the gate with my bottle of whiskey.
 I wanted to crack it open then and there  for the whiskey might have helped me spit that word out.
 It was stuck in my throat and had the taste of a woolen sock sodden with our homeland s rich mud  the kind of meal I had forgotten was reserved for those who ranked among the meanest.
We arose before the sun to a dark morning.
 After a breakfast where no one uttered more than a grunt  Claude drove from Bangkok to the camp  a day s journey that ended near the border with Laos.
 By the time he swerved onto an unpaved side road and into a white-barked cajeput forest  dodging craters and dips  the sun was rolling on its downward slope behind us.
 A kilometer into the twilight forest we reached a military checkpoint consisting of a jeep and two young soldiers in olive-green battle dress  each with a protective amulet of the Buddha around his neck and an M16 in his lap.
 I smelled the unmistakable funk of marijuana.
 Without bothering either to rise from the jeep or to raise their halflidded eyes  the soldiers waved us through.
 We continued on the rutted road  plunging even deeper into a forest where the skeletal hands of tall trees with their thin branches loomed over us  until we emerged into a clearing of small  square huts on stilts  the scene saved from total rusticity by the electric light illuminating the windows.
 Wigs of palm leaves thatched the roofs  and wooden planks led from elevated doors to the earth.
 Barking dogs had brought shadows to the mouths of the doorways  and by the time we clambered out a squad of those shadows was approaching.
 There they are  said Claude.
 The last men standing of the armed forces of the Republic of Vietnam.
Perhaps the pictures of them that I had seen in the General s office were taken in better times  but those stern freedom fighters bore little resemblance to these haggard irregulars.
 In the pictures  those clean-shaven men with red scarves cinched around their necks had been clad in jungle camouflage  combat boots  and berets  standing at attention under the forest s filtered sunlight.
 But instead of boots and camouflage  these men wore rubber sandals with black blouses and pants.
 Instead of red scarves  the Rangers  legendary emblem  they wore the checkered scarves of peasants.
 Instead of berets  they wore wide-brimmed bushwacker hats.
 Instead of clean cheeks  they were unshaven  their hair matted and untrimmed.
 Their eyes  once hot and bright  were dull as coal.
 Each carried an AK-47 with its distinctive banana clip  and the presence of this icon  combined with all the other features  led to an unusual visual effect.
Why do they look like Viet Cong.
 said the grizzled captain.
It was not only the guerrillas who resembled their old enemies  as we discovered when a dozen of them led us to the hut of their commander.
 On this hut s thin lip of a porch stood a slim man backlit by a bare electric lightbulb.
Isn t that  said Bon  before stopping at asking the absurd.
 Everybody says so  said Claude.
 The admiral raised his hand in greeting and smiled a familiar  avuncular smile.
 His face was angular  gaunt  and almost handsome  the classic noble visage of a scholar or mandarin.
 The hair was gray but not white  thinning a little on top  and trimmed short.
 A goatee was his most distinctive feature  a neatly sculpted affair for the man of middle age  rather than the scraggle of youth or the long  flowing tuft of the elder.
 Welcome  men  the admiral said  and even in the gentle intonation of his voice I heard echoes of the newsreel on which Ho Chi Minh s cultivated and calm voice was recorded.
 You have traveled a great distance  and you must be tired.
 Please  come in and join me.
Like Ho Chi Minh  the admiral referred to himself as uncle.
 Like Ho Chi Minh  he also dressed with simplicity  his black blouse and pants matching the garb of his guerrillas.
 And  like Ho Chi Minh  he furnished his quarters in a sparse and scholarly fashion.
 We sat barefoot on reed mats in the hut s one plain room  us newcomers uneasy in the presence of this uncanny look-alike.
 Our apparition must have slept on the plank floor  for there was no sign of a bed.
Bamboo bookshelves lined one wall  and a simple bamboo desk and chair occupied another.
 Over the course of dinner  as we drank the General s whiskey  the admiral quizzed us on our years in America and we quizzed him in turn on how he had come to be shipwrecked in the forest.
 He smiled and tapped his ashes into an ashtray made of half a coconut shell.
 On the last day of the war  I was in command of a transport ship full of marines  soldiers  policemen  and civilians rescued from the piers.
 I could have sailed to the Seventh Fleet  like many of my fellow captains.
 But the Americans had betrayed us before  and there was no hope of fighting again if I fled to them.
 The Americans were finished.
 Now that their white race had failed  they were leaving Asia to the yellow race.
 So I sailed toward Thailand.
 I had Thai friends and I knew the Thai would give us asylum.
 They had nowhere to go  unlike the Americans.
 The Thai would fight communism because it was pressing up against their border with Cambodia.
 Laos  too  was going to fall soon.
 You see  I was not interested in being saved  unlike so many of our countrymen.
 He paused here and smiled once more  and none of us needed to be reminded that we were some of those countrymen.
 God had already saved me  the admiral went on.
 I did not need to be saved by Americans.
 I swore on my ship in front of my men that we would continue our fight for months  years  even decades if necessary.
 If we looked at our struggle from God s eyes  this was no time at all.
So  Bon said  you think we really have a chance  Uncle.
 The admiral stroked his goatee before answering.
 My child  he said  still stroking the goatee  remember Jesus and how Christianity began with just him  his apostles  their faith  and the Word of God.
 We are like those true believers.
 We have two hundred apostles in this camp  a radio station broadcasting the word of freedom into our enslaved homeland  and guns.
 We have things Jesus and his apostles never had  but we have their faith  too  and not least furthest from least God is on our side.
Bon lit another cigarette.
 Jesus died  he said.
 So did the apostles.
So we re going to die  said the affectless lieutenant.
 Despite the meaning of his words  or perhaps because of them  his manner and pronouncement remained unemotional.
 Not that that s a bad thing  he said.
I am not saying you will die on this mission  the admiral said.
 Just eventually.
But if you do die on this mission  know that those you save will be grateful to you  as those the apostles saved were grateful to them.
A lot of the people they went to save didn t want to be saved  Uncle  Bon said.
That s why they ended up dead.
My son  the admiral said  no longer smiling  it does not sound like you are a believer.
If by that you mean a believer in religion or anticommunism or freedom or anything with a big word like that  no  I m not.
 I used to believe  but not anymore.
 I don t give a damn about saving anybody  including myself.
 I just want to kill communists.
 That s why I m the man you want.
I can live with that  the admiral said.
We spent two weeks acclimating to the weather and our new comrades  among whom were three characters I had never expected to see again.
 These marine lieutenants were bearded and longer-haired than on the night Bon  Man  and I had encountered them in that Saigon alley  singing  Beautiful Saigon.
 Oh  Saigon.
 Oh  Saigon.
  but they were still recognizably dumb.
 They had made their way to the docks on the day Saigon fell  and there had jumped on board the admiral s ship.
 We ve been in Thailand ever since  said the marine who was the leader of the three.
 He had been steeped in the Mekong Delta his entire life  as his comrades had been  all of them branded by a life in the sun  although in different shades.
 He was dark  but one of the other marines was darker  and the third was the darkest of all  black as a cup of black tea.
 They  Bon  and I grudgingly shook hands.
 We re going with you across the border  said the dark marine.
 So we better get on each other s right sides.
 This was the marine on whom I had drawn my pistol  but since he chose not to mention this fact  neither did I.
Altogether there were a dozen of us on the reconnaissance team that set out early one night  led by a Lao farmer and a Hmong scout.
 The Lao farmer had no choice in the matter.
 He had been kidnapped by the admiral s men on an earlier reconnaissance  and was now being used as a guide  given his knowledge of the terrain through which we were traveling.
 He could not speak Vietnamese but the Hmong scout could and served as his translator.
 Even from a distance  one could see that the scout s eyes were a ruin  dark and shattered as the windows of an abandoned palace.
 He was clad in black  as we all were  but he was unique in wearing a faded green beret a size too large  the brim resting on his ears and eyebrows.
 Following him were two of the marines  the dark one armed with an AK-47 and the darker one with our M79 elephant gun  its stubby grenades resembling short  metallic dildos.
 After the marines came the affectless lieutenant and the grizzled captain  who could not bring themselves to carry the enemy s AK-47 and instead toted the M16.
 Behind them was the skinny RTO  grease gun in hand and PRC-25 radio on his back.
 Next was the philosophical medic  M3 medical kit hanging from one shoulder and M14 from the other  as no man on this reconnaissance could go unarmed.
 He and I had hit it off right away during an evening perfumed with jasmine and marijuana.
 Besides sadness and sorrow  he had asked me  what s really heavy but weighs nothing at all.
 When he saw that I was stumped  he said  Nihilism  which was  in fact  his philosophy.
Then came the hefty machine gunner  M60 in his arms  with myself and Bon next  me with an Ak-47  Bon with the M16.
 Bringing up the rear was the darkest marine  his weapon the B-40 rocket launcher.
For defense  in place of bulletproof vests and helmets  each of us was given a laminated  wallet-sized picture of the Virgin Mary to wear over our hearts.
 The admiral had blessed us with these gifts on our departure from the camp  which was  for most of us  a relief.
 We had spent our days discussing tactics  preparing rations  and studying the map of our route through the southern end of Laos.
This was terrain probed by the marines on earlier reconnaissance  home to the Lao farmer.
 Smugglers  he claimed  crossed the border all the time.
 Periodically we listened to Radio Free Vietnam  its crew working from a bamboo shack next to the admiral s hut.
 From there they broadcast the admiral s speeches  read items translated from newspapers  and aired pop songs with reactionary sentiments  James Taylor and Donna Summer being particular favorites of the season.
 The communists hate love songs  said the admiral.
 They don t believe in love or romance or entertainment.
 They believe the people should only love the revolution and the country.
 But the people love love songs  and we serve the people.
 The airwaves bore those love songs  laden with emotion  across Laos and into our homeland.
 In my pocket was a transistor radio with an earpiece so I could listen to the broadcast  and I valued it more than my weapon and the Virgin Mary.
 Claude  who did not believe in her or any god  gave us his secular blessing in the form of high fives as we left.
 Good luck  he said.
 Just in and out.
Quick and quiet.
 Easier said than done  I thought.
 I kept that idea to myself  but I suspected that many of the dozen of us might have been thinking the same thing.
 Claude intuited my worry when he squeezed my shoulder.
 Take care of yourself  buddy.
 If anybody starts shooting  just keep your head down.
 Let the pros do the fighting.
 His estimation of my abilities was moving and most likely accurate.
 He wanted to keep me safe  this man who  along with Man  had taught me everything I knew about the practices of intelligence  of secrecy as a way of life.
 We ll be waiting for you guys to come back  said Claude.
 See you soon  I said.
 That was all.
We set off on our march under a sliver of moon  cheered by the optimism that one sometimes had at the beginning of strenuous exercise  a kind of helium that filled our lungs and carried us along.
 Then  after an hour  we trudged  or at least I trudged  my helium depleted and replaced with the first hints of fatigue  soaking into the body as the slow drip of water soaks into a towel.
 A few hours into our march we arrived at a pool of water  where the grizzled captain called for a rest.
 Sitting on the edge of the moonlit pool and resting my sore thighs  I could just make out the phosphorescent  disembodied hands on my wristwatch pointing to one in the morning.
 My hands felt as detached as the watch s hands  for what they wanted was to hold and caress one of the cigarettes in my breast pocket  the urge electrifying my nervous system.
 Seemingly unaffected by any similar yearning  Bon sat down next to me and silently ate a rice ball.
 A fetid smell of mud and decaying vegetation emanated from the pool  and on its surface bobbed a dead bird the size of a finch  floating in a corona of molting feathers.
 Bomb crater  Bon muttered.
 The bomb crater was an American footprint  a sign that we had entered Laos.
 We came upon more of these craters as we journeyed east  sometimes singly  sometimes in clusters  and we had to pick our way carefully past the julienned remnants of unrooted cajeputs flung this way and that.
 Once we came close to a village  and on the banks of the craters nearby we saw nets on poles  ready to be dipped into these pools that the farmers had stocked with fish.
Near dawn the grizzled captain halted our trek  at a spot the Lao farmer said was isolated and rarely visited by the inhabitants of this borderland.
 Our resting place was on the peak of a hill  and under the indifferent cajeputs we spread our ponchos and covered ourselves with hooded capes of netting into which we had woven palm fronds.
 I lay down with my head on my rucksack  which  besides my rations  contained Asian Communism and the Oriental Mode of Destruction  tucked away in my rucksack s false bottom in case I ever needed it again.
 Two or three of us stayed awake for shifts of three hours  and it was my misfortune to be assigned to one of the middle shifts.
 It seemed that I had barely managed to fall asleep with the brim of my hat on my face when the hefty machine gunner shook my shoulder and exhaled his horrendous bacterial breath all over my face  informing me that it was my turn for sentry duty.
 The sun was high in the sky and my throat was parched.
 I could see the Mekong in the far distance through my binoculars  a brown belt dividing the earth s green torso.
 I could see question marks and exclamation points of woodsmoke issuing from farmhouses and brick factories.
 I could see bare-shinned farmers wading after their water buffalos  fetlock deep in the muddy water of rice paddies.
 I could see countryside roads and paths trafficked by vehicles that  from a distance  moved with the tortured slowness of arthritic turtles.
 I could see the crumbling sandstone ruins of an ancient temple  erected long ago by some fallen race  overseen by the crowned head of some forgotten tyrant  blank eyes blinded by the waste of his empire.
could see the entire lay of the land  naked body exposed in sunlight and resembling not at all the mysterious creature of night  and suddenly a tremendous longing seized me with such force that the land itself lost focus and trembled  and I realized with equal parts amazement and dread that for all the essentials we had brought with us  none of us had brought a drop of liquor.
The second night did not proceed much as the first.
 It was not clear to me whether I walked that night or whether I simply hung on to a beast bucking and heaving under me.
 A tide of bile rose and fell in my throat  my ears swelled from my head  and I shivered as if it were wintertime.
 When I looked up I caught a glimpse of the stars through the branches  swirling snowflakes trapped within the glass of a snow globe.
 Sonny and the crapulent major laughed faintly as they watched me from outside that snow globe and shook it with their giant hands.
The only solid thing anchoring me to the material world was the rifle in my hands  for my feet could not feel the ground.
 I gripped the AK-47 as I had Lana s arms the night after I had left Sonny s place.
 She had not looked surprised on opening the door  for she had always known I was coming back.
had not told the General what Lana and I had done but I should have.
 There was one thing he could never do and I had done it  for having just killed a man nothing was forbidden from me  not even what belonged to or issued from him.
Even the scent of the forest was her scent  and when I shrugged off my rucksack and sat down between Bon and the affectless lieutenant in the midst of a bamboo grove  the dampness of the earth reminded me of her.
 Above us innumerable fireflies lit the branches  and I had the sense that the snouts and eyes of the forest were fixed upon us.
 Some animals could see in the dark  but it was only humans who deliberately sought out every possible route into the darkness of our own interiors.
 As a species  we have never encountered a cave  a door  or an entrance of any kind that we did not want to enter.
 We are never satisfied with only one way in.
 We will always try every possibility  even the blackest and most forbidding passages  or so I was reminded in my night with Lana.
 I got to pee  said the affectless lieutenant  standing up again.
 He disappeared into the gloom of the forest  while above him the fireflies turned off and on in unison.
 You know why I like you.
 she had asked in the aftermath.
 You re everything my mother would hate.
 I was not offended.
 I had been force-fed so much hate that a little more hardly mattered to my fattened liver.
 If my enemies ever cut out my liver and ate it  as the Cambodians were rumored to do  they would smack their lips in delight  for nothing was more delicious than the foie gras of hatred  once one had acquired the taste for it.
 I heard the crack of a branch in the direction taken by the lieutenant.
 Are you okay.
 Bon said.
 I nodded  concentrating on the fireflies  their collective signal outlining the shapes of the bamboo trees in a wilderness Christmas.
 The underbrush rustled and the dim shape of the lieutenant emerged from the bamboo.
Hey  he said.
A flash of light and sound blinded and deafened me.
 Earth and gravel pelted me and I flinched.
 My ears rang and somebody was screaming as I huddled on the ground  arms over my head.
 Somebody was screaming and it was not me.
Somebody was cursing and it was not me.
 I shook off the earth that had fallen onto my face and overhead the trees had gone dark.
 The fireflies had stopped blinking and somebody was screaming.
 It was the affectless lieutenant  writhing in the ferns.
 The philosophical medic bumped against me as he sprinted to reach the lieutenant.
 Looming out of the darkness  the grizzled captain said  Take up your defensive positions  goddammit.
 Beside me  Bon turned his back to the mess  racked his slide click-clack and aimed his weapon into the darkness.
heard the click-clack all around me of weapons being primed for firing  and I did the same.
 Someone turned on a flashlight and even with my back turned to the scene I could see its luminescence.
 Leg s gone  said the philosophical medic.
The lieutentant kept on screaming.
 Hold the light while I tie him off.
 Everybody in the valley s hearing this  said the dark marine.
 Is he going to make it.
 said the grizzled captain.
 He might make it if we get him to a hospital  said the medic.
Hold him down.
 We have to shut him up  said the dark marine.
 It must have been a mine  said the grizzled captain.
 It s not an attack.
 Either you do it or I do it  said the dark marine.
 Someone put his hand on the lieutenant s mouth  muffling his screams.
 Looking over my shoulder  I saw the dark marine s flashlight illuminating the philosophical medic as he pointlessly tied the tourniquet on the lieutenant s stump  the molar of a bone protuding where the leg had been blown off above the knee.
 The grizzled captain had one hand clapped over the lieutenant s mouth  his other hand squeezing shut the nostrils.
 The lieutenant heaved  clutching at the sleeves of the philosophical medic and the grizzled captain  and the dark marine switched off the flashlight.
 Gradually the thrashing and strangled noises ceased  and at last he was still  dead.
 But if he was really gone  why could I still hear him screaming.
We have to move  said the dark marine.
 No one s coming now but they will when it s light.
 The grizzled captain said nothing.
 Did you hear me.
 The grizzled captain said yes.
 Then do something  said the dark marine.
 We ve got to be as far away from here as possible before morning.
 The grizzled captain said to bury him.
 When the dark marine said that was going to take too long  the grizzled captain gave the order to carry the body with us.
 We divvied up the lieutenant s ammunition and gave his rucksack to the Lao farmer  with the dark marine carrying the lieutenant s M16.
 The hefty machine gunner handed his M60 to the darker marine and picked up the lieutenant s body.
 We were about to set off when the gunner said  Where s his leg.
 The dark marine turned on his flashlight.
 There the leg lay  served on a bed of shredded ferns  meat tattered and strips of black cloth still clinging to it  mangled white bone jutting through a jagged rip in the flesh.
 Where s the foot.
 said the dark marine.
 I think it was just blown away  said the philosophical medic.
 Bits of pink flesh and skin and tissue hung on the ferns  already crawling with ants.
 The dark marine grabbed the leg  and when he looked up I was the first one he saw.
 It s all yours  he said  thrusting the leg at me.
 I thought about refusing it  but someone else would have to carry it.
 Remember  you re not half of anything  you re twice of everything.
someone else had to do this  I could  too.
 It was only a hunk of meat and bone  its flesh sticky with blood and gritty with embedded dirt.
 When I took it and brushed off the ants  I found it to be a little heavier than my AK-47  the leg having been detached from a smallish man.
 The grizzled captain ordered us to march and I followed the hefty gunner  the lieutenant s body slung over his shoulder.
 The lieutenant s shirt had ridden up his back  and the exposed plank of flesh was blue in the moonlight.
I carried his leg with one hand  my other hand on the strap of the AK-47 hanging from my shoulder  and the burden of carrying a man s leg seemed far heavier than carrying a man s body.
 I carried his leg as far away from me as possible  its weight growing more and more  like the Bible my father made me hold in front of the classroom as punishment for some transgression  my arm outstretched with the book on the scale of my hand.
 I carried that memory still  along with the memory of my father in his coffin  corpse as white as the affectless lieutenant s protruding bone.
 The chanting of the congregation in the church hummed in my ears.
 I had learned of my father s death when his deacon called me at police headquarters.
 How did you get this phone number.
 I said.
was in the father s papers on his desk.
 I looked at the document on my own desk  a classified investigation about an unremarkable event last year  1968  when an American platoon had pacified a mostly abandoned village near Quang Ngai.
After executing the water buffalos  pigs  and dogs  and after gang-raping four girls  the soldiers had gathered them as well as fifteen elders  women  and children in the village square  where they fired on them until they were dead  according to a regretful private s testimony.
 The platoon leader s report certified that his men had killed nineteen Viet Cong  although they had recovered no weapons besides some spades  some hoes  a crossbow  and a musket.
 I don t have time  I said.
 It would be important for you to go  said the deacon.
 Why would it be important.
 I said.
 After a long pause  the deacon said  You were important to him and he was important to you.
 It was then I knew  without any need for words  that the deacon was aware of who my father was.
We ended our forced march after two hours  the same amount of time devoted to my father s funeral Mass.
 A creek gurgled in the arroyo where we stopped and where I scratched my face against a vine of bougainvillea.
 I set down the leg as the marines began digging a shallow grave.
 My hand was gummy with blood and I knelt by the creek to wash it in the cold water.
 By the time the marines finished  my hand was dry and a faint stroke of pink light was on the horizon.
The grizzled captain unrolled the affectless lieutenant s cape of palm leaves and the hefty machine gunner laid his body on it.
 I only realized then that I would have to bloody my hand again.
 I picked up the leg and put it in its place.
 In the pink light I saw his open eyes and slack mouth  and I could still hear him screaming.
 The grizzled captain closed the eyes and mouth and wrapped his body in the cape  but when he and the hefty machine gunner lifted the body  the leg slipped out of the cape.
 I was already wiping my sticky hand on my pants but there was nothing to do but pick up the leg once more.
 After his body was lowered into the grave  I leaned in and tucked his leg under the cape  below his knee.
 Glistening worms were already wriggling out of the earth as I helped scoop dirt back into the grave.
 It was just deep enough to cover our tracks for a day or two  until the animals dug up the corpse and ate it.
 What I want to know  said Sonny  squatting by me as I knelt by the grave  is whether the lieutenant will hang around here with one leg or two  or whether he ll have worms crawling out of his eyes or not.
 Truly  said the crapulent major  head sticking out of the grave as he talked to me  it s a mystery what shape a ghost will take.
 Why am I all here except for this hole in my head and not a disgusting mess of bones and meat.
 Tell me that  won t you  Captain.
 You know everything about everything  don t you.
 I would have answered if I could  but it was hard to do so when I felt that I  too  had a hole in my head.
The day passed with us undiscovered  and by late in the evening  after a short march  we reached the banks of the Mekong  gleaming under the moonlight.
Somewhere on the other side you were waiting for me  Commandant  as well as the faceless man who is the commissar.
 While I was still innocent of this knowledge  it was impossible not to sense something foreboding as we plucked off the leeches adhering to us with the stubbornness of bad memories.
 We had been carrying them without knowing  until the Lao farmer pulled an animated black finger from his ankle.
 I could not help but wish  prying away a little monster sucking my leg  that it was Lana thus attached to me.
 The skinny RTO radioed the base camp  and while the grizzled captain reported to the admiral  the marines again showed they were good for something by constructing a raft of bamboo trunks strapped together with lianas.
 Four men could row themselves across the river with makeshift paddles fashioned of bamboo  with the first team trailing a rope carried by the darker marine.
 That rope  tied to a tree on either side of the river  would guide the darker marine on his return with the raft.
would take four trips to transport all of us  and the first group set off before midnight: the darker marine  the Hmong scout  the hefty machine gunner  and the dark marine.
 The rest of us were scattered on the exposed bank  huddled under our capes of leaves  backs to the river and weapons aimed at the vast forest crouched on its haunches.
A half hour later the darker marine returned with the raft.
 Three more went with him  the Lao farmer  the darkest marine  and the philosophical medic  who  at the affectless lieutenant s grave  had said as a kind of benediction  All of us who are living are dying.
 The only ones not dying are the dead.
 What the hell does that mean.
 said the dark marine.
 I knew what it meant.
 My mother was not dying because she was dead.
 My father was also not dying because he was dead.
But I was on this embankment  dying  because I was not yet dead.
 What are we  then.
 asked Sonny and the crapulent major.
 Dying or dead.
 I shivered  and gazing into the darkness of the forest  staring down the length of my weapon  I saw the shapes of other ghosts among the haunted trees.
 Human ghosts and beast ghosts  plant ghosts and insect ghosts  the spirits of dead tigers and bats and cycads and hobgoblins  vegetable world and animal world heaving with claims to the afterlife as well.
 The entire forest shimmered with the antics of death  the comedian  and life  the straight man  a duo that would never break up.
 To live was to be haunted by the inevitability of one s own decay  and to be dead was to be haunted by the memory of living.
Hey  hissed the grizzled captain  it s your turn.
 Another half hour must have passed.
 The raft was scraping onto the bank again  pulled along the rope by the darker marine.
 Bon and I rose along with Sonny and the crapulent major  ready to follow me across the river.
 I remember the river s white noise  the soreness of my knees  and the weight of my weapon in my arms.
 I remember the injustice of how my mother never came to visit me after her death no matter how many times I cried out for her  unlike Sonny and the crapulent major  whom I would carry with me forever.
 I remember how none of us looked human on the riverbank  shrouded by our capes of leaves  our faces painted black  clutching weapons extracted from the mineral world.
 I remember the grizzled captain saying  Take the paddle  as he thrust it at me  right before a whip snapped by my ear and the grizzled captain s head cracked open  spilling its yolk.
 A fleck of something wet and soft landed on my cheek and a thunderous racket rose on both sides of the river.
 Muzzle flashes rippled on the far side and the boom of grenades rent the air.
 The darker marine had taken one step off the raft when a rocket-propelled grenade whooshed by me and struck the raft  shattering it in a hail of fire and sparks and throwing him into the shallow water lapping against the riverbank  where he lay not quite dead  screaming.
Get down  dumbass.
 Bon pulled me to earth.
 The skinny RTO was already returning fire into our side of the forest  the sound of his submachine gun hammering my eardrums.
 I could feel the volume of the guns and the velocity of the bullets passing overhead.
 Fear inflated the balloon of my heart and I pressed my cheek into the earth.
 Being on the bank s downward slope saved us from the ambuscade  keeping us below the eyeline sight of the forest s vengeful ghosts.
Shoot  goddammit  said Bon.
 Dozens of insane  murderous fireflies flickered on and off in the forest  only they were muzzle flashes.
 To shoot I would have to lift my head and take aim  but the guns were loud and I could feel their bullets striking the earth.
 Shoot  goddammit.
 I lifted my weapon and aimed it into the forest  and when I squeezed the trigger the gun kicked me in the shoulder.
 The muzzle flash was so bright in the darkness that everyone who was trying to kill us now knew exactly where I was  but the only thing to do was to keep squeezing the trigger.
 My shoulder was hurting from the gun kicking me  and when I paused to eject a magazine and load another  I could feel my ears aching as well  subjected to the stereophonic effects of our firefight on this side of the river and the clash of the ignorant squads on the other side.
 At any moment I feared that Bon would rise and order me to charge with him into the enemy s fire  and I knew that I would not be able to do it.
 I feared death and I loved life.
yearned to live long enough to smoke one more cigarette  drink one more drink  experience seven more seconds of obscene bliss  and then  perhaps  but most likely not  I could die.
All of a sudden they stopped shooting at us and it was just Bon and me blasting at the darkness.
 Only then did I notice that the skinny RTO was no longer joining in.
 I paused once more in my shooting and saw  under the moonlight  his head bowed over his silent gun.
 Bon was the only one still firing  but after discharging the last of his magazine he  too  stopped.
 The firefight across the river had already ceased  and from the other side a few men were shouting in a foreign language.
 Then  from the recesses of the gloomy forest on our side  someone called out in our language.
 Give up.
 Don t die for nothing.
His accent was northern.
All was quiet on the riverbank except for the river s throaty whisper.
 No one was screaming for his mother  and it was then I knew that the darker marine was also dead.
 I turned to Bon and in the lunar light I saw the whites of his eyes as he looked at me  wet with the sheen of tears.
 If it wasn t for you  you stupid bastard  Bon said  I d die here.
 He was crying for only the third time since I had known him  not in that apocalyptic rage as when his wife and son died  or in the sorrowful mood that he shared with Lana  but quietly  in defeat.
 The mission was over  he was alive  and my plot had worked  no matter how clumsily or inadvertently.
 I had succeeded in saving him  but only  as it turned out  from death.
Only from death.
 The commandant appeared genuinely wounded  his finger resting on the last words of my confession.
 In his other hand was a blue pencil  the color chosen because Stalin had also used a blue pencil  or so he told me.
Like Stalin  the commandant was a diligent editor  always ready to note my many errata and digressions and always urging me to delete  excise  reword  or add.
 Implying that life in my camp is worse than death is a little histrionic  don t you think.
 The commandant seemed eminently reasonable as he sat in his bamboo chair  and for a moment  sitting in my bamboo chair  I  too  felt that he was eminently reasonable.
 But then I remembered that only an hour earlier I had been sitting in the windowless  redbrick isolation cell where I had spent the last year since the ambush  rewriting the many versions of my confession  the latest of which the commandant now possessed.
 Perhaps your perspective differs from mine  Comrade Commandant  I said  trying to get used to the sound of my own voice.
 I had not spoken to anyone in a week.
 I m a prisoner  I went on  and you re the one in charge.
 It may be hard for you to sympathize with me  and vice versa.
The commandant sighed and laid the final sheet of my confession on top of the 294 other pages that preceded it  stacked on a table by his chair.
 How many times must I tell you.
 You re not a prisoner.
 Those men are prisoners  he said  pointing out the window to the barracks that housed a thousand inmates  including my fellow survivors  the Lao farmer  the Hmong scout  the philosophical medic  the darkest marine  the dark marine  and Bon.
 You are a special case.
 He lit a cigarette.
 You are a guest of myself and the commissar.
Guests can leave  Comrade Commandant.
 I paused to observe his reaction.
wanted one of his cigarettes  which I would not get if I angered him.
 Today  however  he was in a rare good mood and did not frown.
 He had the high cheekbones and delicate features of an opera singer  and even ten years of warfare fought from a cave in Laos had not ruined his classically good looks.
What rendered him unattractive at times was his moroseness  a perpetual  damp affliction he shared with everyone else in the camp  including myself.
 This was the sadness felt by homesick soldiers and prisoners  a sweating that never ceased  absorbed into a perpetually damp clothing that could never be dried  just as I was not dry sitting in my bamboo chair.
 The commandant at least had the benefit of an electric fan blowing on him  one of only two in the camp.
According to my baby-faced guard  the other fan was in the commissar s quarters.
Perhaps a better term than  guest  is  patient   the commandant said  editing once more.
 You have traveled to strange lands and been exposed to some dangerous ideas.
 It wouldn t do to bring infectious ideas into a country unused to them.
 Think of the people  insulated for so long from foreign ideas.
 Exposure could lead to a real catastrophe for minds that aren t ready for them.
 If you saw the situation from our point of view  you would see that it was necessary to quarantine you until we could cure you  even if it hurts us to see a revolutionary like yourself kept in such conditions.
I could see his point of view  albeit with some difficulty.
 There were reasons to be suspicious of someone like me  who had endured suspicion all his life.
 But still  it was hard for me not to feel that a year in an isolation cell from which I was allowed to emerge only an hour a day for exercise  blinking and white  was unwarranted  as I had informed him at each of these weekly sessions where he criticized my confession and I  in turn  criticized myself.
 These reminders I had given him must also have been on his mind  because when I opened my mouth to speak again  he said  I know what you re going to say.
 As I told you all along  when your confession reaches a satisfactory state  based on our reading of it and on my reports of these self-criticism sessions to the commissar  you will move on to the next and  we hope  last stage of your reeducation.
 In short  the commissar believes you ready to be cured.
He does.
 I had yet to even meet the faceless man  otherwise known as the commissar.
 None of the prisoners had.
 They saw him only during his weekly lectures  sitting behind a table on the dais of the meeting hall where all the prisoners gathered for political lectures.
 I had not even seen him there  for these lectures  according to the commandant  amounted only to an elementary school education designed for pure reactionaries  puppets brainwashed by decades of ideological saturation.
 The faceless man had decreed me exempt from these simple lessons.
 Instead  I was privileged by having no burdens except to write and to reflect.
 My only glimpses of the commissar had come on those rare moments when I looked up from my exercise pen and saw him on the balcony of his bamboo quarters  atop the larger of the two hills overlooking the camp.
the base of the hills clustered the kitchen  mess hall  armory  latrines  and warehouses of the guards  along with the solitary rooms for special cases like me.
 Barbed-wire fencing separated this interior camp of the guards from the exterior camp where the inmates slowly eroded  the former soldiers  security officers  or bureaucrats of the defeated regime.
 Next to one of the gates in this fencing  on the interior side  was a pavilion for family visits.
 The prisoners had become emotional cacti in order to survive  but their wives and children inevitably wept at the sight of their husbands and fathers  whom they saw  at most  a couple of times a year  the trek from even the nearest city an arduous one involving train  bus  and motorbike.
 Beyond the pavilion  the exterior camp itself was fenced off from the wasteland of barren plains surrounding us  the fence demarcated with watchtowers where pith-helmeted guards with binoculars could observe female visitors and  according to the prisoners  entertain themselves.
From the elevated height of the commandant s patio  one could see not only these voyeurs but also the cratered plains and denuded trees surrounding the camp  a forest of toothpicks over which gusts of crows and torrents of bats soared in ominous black formations.
 I always paused on the patio before entering his quarters  savoring for a moment the view denied to me in my isolation cell  where  if I had not yet been cured  I had certainly been baked by the tropical sun.
You have complained often about the duration of your visit  the commandant said.
 But your confession is the necessary prelude to the cure.
 It is not my fault that it took you a year to write this confession  one that is not  in my opinion  even very good.
 Everyone except you has confessed to being a puppet soldier  an imperialist lackey  a brainwashed stooge  a colonized comprador  or a treacherous henchman.
 Regardless of what you think of my intellectual capacities  I know they re just telling me what I want to hear.
 You  on the other hand  won t tell me what I want to hear.
 Does that make you very smart or very stupid.
I was still somewhat dazed  the bamboo floor wobbling under my bamboo seat.
 It always took me at least an hour to become readjusted to light and space after my cell s cramped darkness.
 Well  I said  gathering the tattered coat of my wits about me  I believe the unexamined life is not worth living.
 So thank you  Comrade Commandant  for giving me the opportunity to examine my life.
nodded approvingly.
 No one else has the luxury I have of simply writing and living the life of the mind  I said.
 My orphaned voice  which had detached itself in my cell and spoken to me from a cobwebbed corner  had returned.
 I am smart in some ways  stupid in others.
 For example  I am smart enough to take your criticism and editorial suggestions seriously  but I am too stupid to understand how my confession has not met your high standards  despite my many drafts.
The commandant regarded me through glasses that magnified his eyes to twice their size  his poor eyesight a condition of having lived in cavernous darkness for ten years.
 If your confession was even just satisfactory  the commissar would let you proceed with what he calls your oral examination  he said.
 But my opinion of what he calls your written examination is that it hardly seems like a genuine confession to me.
Haven t I confessed to many things  Commandant.
In content  perhaps  but not in style.
 Confessions are as much about style as content  as the Red Guards have shown us.
 All we ask for is a certain way with words.
 Cigarette.
I hid my relief and merely nodded casually.
 The commandant inserted the dart of a cigarette between my cracked lips  then lit it for me with my own lighter  which he had appropriated.
 I inhaled the oxygen of smoke  its infusion into the folds of my lungs calming the trembling in my hands.
 Even in this latest revision  you quote Uncle Ho only once.
 This is but one symptom  among many in your confession  that you prefer foreign intellectuals and culture over our native traditions.
 Why is that.
I m contaminated by the West.
Exactly.
 That wasn t so hard to admit  was it.
 Funny  then  how you can t put it into writing.
 Of course  I can understand why you didn t quote How the Steel Was Tempered or Tracks in the Snowy Forest.
 You wouldn t have had access to them  even though everyone of my generation from the north has read them.
 But not to mention To Huu  our greatest revolutionary poet.
 And to cite  instead  the yellow music of Pham Duy and the Beatles.
 The commissar actually has a collection of yellow music that he keeps for what he calls research purposes.
He s offered to let me listen to them  but no thanks.
 Why would I want to be contaminated by that decadence.
 Contrast the songs you discuss with To Huu s  Since Then   which I read in high school.
 He talks about how  The sun of truth shone on my heart   which was exactly how I felt about the revolution s effect on me.
 I carried a book of his with me to China for infantry training  and it helped sustain me.
 My hope is that the sun of truth will shine on you as well.
 But I also think of another poem of his about a rich child and a servant child.
 Closing his eyes  the commandant recited a stanza: A child lives in a life of plenty With abundant toys made in the West While the other child is an onlooker Watching silently from far away He opened his eyes.
 Worth a mention  don t you think.
If you would give me that book  I d read it  I said  not having read anything for a year besides my own words.
 The commandant shook his head.
 You won t have any time to read anything in the next phase.
 But implying you only needed a book in order to be better read is hardly a good defense.
 Not quoting Uncle Ho or revolutionary poetry is one thing  but not even a folk saying or a proverb.
Now you may be from the south  I was born in the north and lived nine years there  sir.
You chose the southern side.
 Regardless  you share a common culture with me  a northerner.
 Yet you will not quote from that culture  not even this: The good deeds of Father are as great as Mount Thai Son The virtue of Mother is as bountiful as springwater gushing from its source Wholeheartedly is Mother to be revered and Father respected So that the child s way may be accomplished.
Did you not learn something as basic as this in school.
My mother did teach it to me  I said.
 But my confession does show my reverence for my mother and why my father is not to be respected.
The relations between your mother and father are indeed unfortunate.
 You may think that I m heartless  but I am not.
 I look at your situation and feel great sympathy for you  given your curse.
 How can a child be accomplished if his source is tainted.
 Yet I can t help but feel that our own culture  and not Western culture  tells us something about your difficult situation.
  Talent and destiny are apt to feud.
  Don t you think Nguyen Du s words apply to you.
 Your destiny is being a bastard  while your talent  as you say  is seeing from two sides.
 You would be better off if you only saw things from one side.
 The only cure for being a bastard is to take a side.
You re right  Comrade Commandant  I said  and perhaps he was.
 But the only thing harder than knowing the right thing to do  I went on  is to actually do the right thing.
I agree.
 What puzzles me is that you are perfectly reasonable in person  but on the page you are recalcitrant.
 The commandant poured himself a shot of unfiltered rice wine from a recycled soda bottle.
 Any urges.
 I shook my head  even though my priapic desire for a drink bumped against the back of my throat.
Tea  please  I said  voice cracking.
 The commandant poured me a cup of lukewarm tinted water.
 It was quite sad watching you in those first few weeks.
You were a raving lunatic.
 Isolation did you good.
 Now you re purified  at least in body.
If spirits are so bad for me  then why do you drink  Commandant.
I don t drink to excess  unlike you.
 I disciplined myself during the war.
 You rethink your entire life living in a cave.
 Even things like what to do with one s waste.
 Ever thought of that.
Once in a while.
I sense sarcasm.
 Still not satisfied with the camp s amenities and your chamber.
 This is nothing compared to what I went through in Laos.
 That s why I m also puzzled by the unhappiness of some of our guests.
 You think I m feigning perplexity  but no  I m genuinely surprised.
 We haven t stuck them in a box underground.
 We haven t shackled them until their legs waste away.
haven t poured lime on their heads and beaten them bloody.
 Instead  we let them farm their own food  build their own homes  breathe fresh air  see sunlight  and work to transform this countryside.
 Compare that to how their American allies poisoned this place.
 No trees.
 Nothing grows.
 Unexploded mines and bombs killing and maiming innocents.
 This used to be beautiful countryside.
 Now it s just a wasteland.
 I try to bring these comparisons up with our guests and I can see the disbelief in their eyes even as they agree with me.
 You  at least  are honest with me  even though  to be honest with you  that may not be the healthiest strategy.
I ve lived my life underground for the revolution  Commandant.
 The least the revolution can grant me is the right to live above ground and be absolutely honest about what I have done  at least before you put me below ground again.
There you go again  defiant for no reason.
 Don t you see we live in a sensitive time.
 It will take decades for the revolution to rebuild our country.
 Absolute honesty isn t always appreciated at moments like this.
 But that s why I keep this here.
 He pointed at the jar on the bamboo cabinet  covered with a jute cloth.
had already shown the jar to me more than once  though once was more than enough.
 Nevertheless  he leaned over and slipped the cloth off the jar  and there was nothing to do but turn my gaze onto the exhibit that should  if there were any justice in the world  be exhibited in the Louvre and other great museums devoted to Western accomplishments.
 Floating in formaldehyde was a greenish monstrosity that appeared to have originated from outer space or the deepest  weirdest depths of the ocean.
 A chemical defoliant invented by an American Frankenstein had led to this naked  pickled baby with one body but two heads  four eyes shut but two mouths agape in permanent  mongoloid yawns.
 Two faces pointed in different directions  two hands curled up against the chest  and two legs spread to reveal the boiled peanut of the masculine sex.
Imagine what the mother felt.
 The commandant tapped his finger on the glass.
Or the father.
 Imagine the shrieks.
 What is that thing.
 He shook his head and drank his rice wine  its color that of thin milk.
 I licked my lips  and while the scratching of my dessicated tongue on my brittle lips was loud in my ears  the commandant did not notice.
 We could have just shot all these prisoners  he said.
Your friend Bon  for example.
 A Phoenix Program assassin deserves the firing squad.
 Protecting him and excusing him as you do reflects poorly on your character and judgment.
 But the commissar is merciful and believes anyone can be rehabilitated  even when they and their American masters killed anyone they wanted.
 In contrast to the Americans and their puppets  our revolution has shown generosity by giving them this chance for redemption through labor.
 Many of these so-called leaders never worked a day on a farm.
 How do you lead an agricultural society into the future with no idea of the peasant s life.
 Without bothering to drape the cloth over the jar again  he poured himself another drink.
Lack of understanding is the only way to characterize how some prisoners think they re being poorly fed.
 Of course I know they suffer.
 But we all suffered.
all must suffer still.
 The country is healing  and that takes longer than the war itself.
 But these prisoners focus only on their own suffering.
 They ignore what our side went through.
 I can t get them to understand that they get more calories per day than the revolutionary soldier during the war  more than the peasants forced into refugee camps.
 They believe they are being victimized here  instead of being reeducated.
 This obstinacy shows how much reeducation they still need.
As recalcitrant as you are  you are still far ahead of them.
 Here I agree with the commissar about the state of your reeducation.
 I was just talking about you with him the other day.
 He s remarkably tolerant of you.
 He didn t even object to being called the faceless man.
 No  I understand  you are not mocking him  merely describing the obvious  but he s quite sensitive about his .
 condition.
Wouldn t you be.
 He wants to meet you this evening.
 That s quite an honor.
prisoner has ever met him personally  not that you are a prisoner.
 He wants to clarify a few issues with you.
What issues.
 I said.
 We both looked at my manuscript  its leaves neatly stacked on his bamboo table and pinned down by a small rock  all 295 pages written by the light of a wick floating in a cup of oil.
 The commandant tapped my pages with a middle finger  its tip cut off.
 What issues.
 he said.
 Where to begin.
 Ah  dinner.
 A guard was at the door with a bamboo tray  a boy  his skin a sickly shade of yellow.
 Whether they were guards or prisoners  most men in the camp were this shade of yellow  or else a sickly  rotten shade of green  or a sickly  deathly shade of gray  a color palette resulting from tropical illnesses and a calamitous diet.
 What is it.
 said the commandant.
 Wood pigeon  manioc soup  stir-fried cabbage  and rice  sir.
 The wood pigeon s roasted haunches and breast made me salivate  as my usual ration was boiled manioc.
 Even when starving  I had to force the manioc down my gullet  where it cemented itself against the walls of my stomach  laughing at my attempts to digest it.
 Subsisting on a diet of manioc not only was culinarily unpleasant  it was also no fun from a gastroenterological perspective  resulting in either a painfully solid brick or its highly explosive liquid opposite.
 As a consequence  the inflamed piranha of one s anus was always gnawing at one s posterior.
 I tried desperately to time my bowel movements  knowing a guard would fetch the ammo box reserved for that purpose at 0800 hours  but the snarled firehose of my bowels erupted at will  oftentimes right after the guard returned with the emptied can.
 Liquids and solids then fermented for most of the night and day  a vile mixture rusting through the ammo box.
 But I had no right to complain  as my baby-faced guard told me.
one s picking up my shit every day  he said  peering at me through the slot in my iron door.
 But you re being waited on hand and foot  short of someone wiping your ass.
 What do you say to that.
Thank you  sir.
 I could not call the guards  comrade   the commandant demanding that I keep my history a secret  lest it be leaked.
 The commissar orders this for your own protection  the commandant had told me.
 The inmates will kill you if they know your secret.
 The only men who knew my secret were the commissar and the commandant  for whom I had developed feline feelings of both dependency and resentment.
 He was the one making me rewrite my confession with repeated strokes of his blue pencil.
 But what was I confessing to.
 I had done nothing wrong  except for being Westernized.
 Nevertheless  the commandant was right.
 I was recalcitrant  for I could have shortened my unwanted stay by writing what he wanted me to write.
 Long live the Party and the State.
 Follow Ho Chi Minh s glorious example.
 Let s build a beautiful and perfect society.
 I believed in these slogans  but I could not bring myself to write them.
 I could say that I was contaminated by the West  but I could not inscribe that on paper.
 It seemed as much of a crime to commit a cliché to paper as to kill a man  an act I had acknowledged rather than confessed  for killing Sonny and the crapulent major were not crimes in the commandant s eyes.
 But having nevertheless acknowledged what some might see as crimes  I could not then compound those deeds through my description of them.
My resistance to the appropriate confessional style irritated the commandant  as he resumed telling me over dinner.
 You southerners had it too good for too long  he said.
 You took beefsteak for granted  while we northerners lived on starvation rations.
 We ve been purged of fat and bourgeois inclinations  but you  no matter how many times you ve rewritten your confession  cannot eradicate those inclinations.
 Your confession is full of moral weaknesses  individual selfishness  and Christian superstition.
 You exhibit no sense of collectivity  no belief in the science of history.
 You show no need to sacrifice yourself in the cause of rescuing the nation and serving the people.
 Another of To Huu s verses is appropriate here: I m a son of tens of thousands of families A younger brother of tens of thousands of withered lives A big brother to tens of thousands of little children Who are homeless and live in constant hunger Compared to To Huu  you are a communist only in name.
 In practice  you are a bourgeois intellectual.
 I m not blaming you.
 It s difficult to escape one s class and one s birth  and you are corrupted in both respects.
 You must remake yourself  as Uncle Ho and Chairman Mao both said bourgeois intellectuals should do.
 The good news is that you show glimmers of collective revolutionary consciousness.
 The bad news is that your language betrays you.
 It is not clear  not succinct  not direct  not simple.
 It is the language of the elite.
 You must write for the people.
You speak truthfully  sir  I said.
 The wood pigeon and manioc soup had begun dissolving in my stomach  their nutrients energizing my brain.
 I just wonder what you would say about Karl Marx  Comrade Commandant.
 Das Kapital isn t exactly written for the people.
Marx did not write for the people.
 Suddenly I could see the darkness of the commandant s cave through his magnified irises.
 Get out.
 See how bourgeois you are.
 A revolutionary humbles himself before Marx.
 Only a bourgeois compares himself to Marx.
 But rest assured  he will treat you for your elitism and Western inclinations.
 He has built a state-of-the-art examination room where he will personally supervise the final phase of your reeducation  when you are transformed from an American into a Vietnamese once more.
I m not an American  sir  I said.
 If my confession reveals anything  isn t it that I m an anti-American.
 I must have said something outrageously humorous  for he actually laughed.
 The anti-American already includes the American  he said.
Don t you see that the Americans need the anti-American.
 While it is better to be loved than hated  it is also far better to be hated than ignored.
 To be antiAmerican only makes you a reactionary.
 In our case  having defeated the Americans  we no longer define ourselves as anti-American.
 We are simply one hundred percent Vietnamese.
 You must try to be as well.
Respectfully speaking  sir  most of our countrymen do not think I am one of them.
All the more reason for you to work harder to prove that you are one of us.
Obviously you think of yourself as one of us  at least sometimes  so you are making progress.
 I see you ve finished eating.
 What did you think of the wood pigeon.
 I admitted that it was delicious.
 What if I told you that  wood pigeon  is only a euphemism.
 He watched me carefully as I looked again at the pile of little bones on my plate  sucked clean of every bit of meat and tendon.
 Regardless of what it was  I still longed for another serving.
 Some call this rat  but I prefer  field mouse   he said.
 But it hardly matters  does it.
 Meat is meat  and we eat what we must.
 Do you know I once saw a dog eating the brains of our battalion doctor.
 I don t blame the dog.
 He was only eating the brains because the man s intestines had already been eaten by his fellow dog.
 These are the kinds of things you see on the battlefield.
 But losing all those men was worth it.
 All the bombs dropped on us by those air pirates were not dropped on our homeland.
Not to mention that we liberated the Laotians.
 That is what revolutionaries do.
We sacrifice ourselves to save others.
Yes  Comrade Commandant.
Enough serious talk.
 He threw the jute cover back over the pickled baby.
 I just wanted to give you my personal congratulations on having finished the written phase of your reeducation  no matter how barely  in my opinion.
 You should be pleased with how far you ve come  even if you should be critical yourself for the limitations so evident in your confession.
 As good a student as you are  you may yet become the dialectical materialist that the revolution needs you to be.
 Now  let us go meet the commissar.
 The commandant checked the time on his wristwatch  which also happened to have been my wristwatch.
 He is expecting us.
We descended from the commandant s quarters and walked past the guard barracks to the stretch of flatland separating the two hills.
 My isolation cell was located here  one of a dozen brick ovens where we basted in our own juices and where the prisoners tapped messages on the walls with tin cups.
 They had developed a simple code for communicating  and it was not long before they taught it to me.
 Part of what they conveyed to me was how they held me in high regard.
 Much of my heroic reputation came from Bon  who often greeted me through my neighbors.
 He and they believed I was singled out for extended isolation because of my ardent republicanism and my Special Branch credentials.
 They blamed the commissar for my fate  for he was really the one in charge of the camp  as everyone  including the commandant  knew.
neighbors had seen the commissar up close during his weekly political lectures  and the sight was truly horrific.
 Some cursed him  taking delight in his suffering.
But the facelessness compelled respect among others  the mark of his dedication and sacrifice  even if for a cause that the prisoners despised.
 The guards  too  spoke of the faceless commissar with mixed tones of horror  fear  and respect  but never mockery.
 A commissar must never be mocked  even among one s peers  for one never knew when one of those peers might report such antirevolutionary thinking.
I understood the need for my temporary detention and marginal conditions  for the revolution must be vigilant  but what I could not understand  and what I hoped the commissar would explain  was why the guards feared him  and  more generally  why revolutionaries feared one another.
 Aren t we all comrades.
asked the commandant at an earlier session.
 Yes  he said  but not all comrades have the same level of ideological consciousness.
 Although I am not thrilled at having to seek the commissar s approval on certain matters  I also admit that he knows Marxist-Leninist theory and Ho Chi Minh Thought much better than I ever will.
 I m not a scholar  but he is.
 Men like him are guiding us toward a truly classless society.
 But we haven t eradicated all elements of antirevolutionary thinking  and we must not forgive antirevolutionary faults.
 We must be vigilant  even of each other  but mostly of ourselves.
 What my time in the cave taught me is that the ultimate life-and-death struggle is with ourselves.
 Foreign invaders might kill my body  but only I could kill my spirit.
 This is the lesson you must absorb by heart  which is why we give you so much time to achieve it.
Ascending the hill toward the commissar s quarters  it seemed to me that I had already spent too much time learning that lesson.
 We stopped at the stairs leading up to his balcony  where the baby-faced guard and three other guards awaited.
 The commissar s in charge of you now  the commandant said  inspecting me from head to toe with a frown.
 I ll be frank.
 He sees much more potential in you than I do.
 You are addicted to the social evils of alcohol  prostitution  and yellow music.
 You write in an unacceptable  counterrevolutionary manner.
 You are responsible for the deaths of the Bru comrade and the Watchman.
 You failed even in undermining this movie that misrepresents and insults us.
 If it were only up to me  I d send you to the fields for your final cure.
 And if things do not work out with the commissar  I still can.
Remember that.
I will  I said.
 And  knowing that I had not yet escaped his power  I also said  Thank you  Comrade Commandant  for all you have done for me.
 I know I ve seemed reactionary to you because of my confession  but please believe me when I say that I have learned much under your tutelage and criticism.
  This  after all  was the truth.
My show of gratitude mollified the commandant.
 Let me give you some advice  he said.
 The prisoners tell me what they think I want to hear  but they don t understand that what I want to hear is sincerity.
 Isn t that what education is all about.
 Getting the student to sincerely say what the teacher wants to hear.
Keep that in mind.
 With that  the commandant turned and began his descent down the hill  a man of admirably erect posture.
The commissar s waiting  the baby-faced guard said.
 Let s go.
I gathered what remained of myself.
 I was three-quarters of the man I used to be  according to the commandant s scale  manufactured in the USA and appropriated from a southern hospital.
 The commandant was obsessed with his weight and enamored with the scale s statistical precision.
 Through a rigorous longitudinal study of bowel movements  sampled from both guards and prisoners  including myself  the commandant had calculated that the camp s collective bowels issued about six hundred kilos of waste per day.
 The prisoners collected and hand-carried this waste to the fields  where it served as fertilizer.
Fecal precision was thus necessary for the scientific management of agricultural production.
 Even now  climbing the stairs ahead of the guards and knocking on the commissar s door  I felt the factory of my innards fashioning the wood pigeon into a solid brick that would be used tomorrow to help build the revolution.
Come in  said the commissar.
 That voice .
His quarters consisted entirely of one big  rectangular room as austere as the commandant s  with bamboo walls  bamboo floors  bamboo furniture  and bamboo rafters holding up a thatched roof.
 I had entered the sitting area  furnished with some low-slung bamboo chairs  a bamboo coffee table  and an altar on which sat Ho Chi Minh s gold-painted bust.
 Above his head hung a red banner imprinted with those golden words NOTHING IS MORE PRECIOUS THAN INDEPENDENCE AND FREEDOM.
 In the middle of the room was a long table stacked with books and papers  surrounded by chairs.
 Leaning against one of the chairs was a guitar with familiar curvaceous hips  and at one end of the long table was a record player that looked like the one I had left behind at the General s villa .
 At the far end of the room was a platform bed  draped in a cloud of mosquito netting behind which a shadow stirred.
 The bamboo floor was cool under my bare feet  and the breeze whispering through the open windows caused the netting to tremble.
hand parted the netting  its skin burned red  and he emerged from the bed s recesses  a visage of fearful asymmetry.
 I looked away.
 Come now  the commissar said.
 Am I really so horrible that you do not recognize me  my friend.
 I looked back to see lips scorched away to reveal perfect teeth  eyes bulging from withered sockets  nostrils reduced to holes without a nose  the hairless  earless skull one massive keloid scar  leaving the head to resemble one of those dried  decapitated trophies swung on a string by an ebullient headhunter.
He coughed  and a marble rattled in his throat.
Didn t I tell you  Man said  not to return.
He was the commissar.
 Before I could say a word  or make any sound at all  the guards seized me  gagged me  and blindfolded me.
 I wanted to scream  to shout into the darkness  but I could do no more than grunt and moan as they dragged me outside and down the hill  the blindfold scratchy  my arms pinioned  to a destination less than a hundred paces away.
 Open the door  the baby-faced guard said.
 Hinges creaked  and I was pushed from the open air into a confined  echoing space.
 Arms up  the baby-faced guard said.
 I raised my arms.
 Someone unbuttoned my shirt and stripped it from me.
 Hands untied the string holding up my pants and they dropped around my ankles.
 Look at that  another guard said  whistling with admiration.
 The bastard s big.
 Not as big as me  a third guard said.
 Let s see it  then  the fourth guard said.
 You ll see it when I fuck your mother with it.
Perhaps more was said  but after someone with rough fingers inserted foam plugs into my ears  and someone else placed muffs of some kind on top of them  I heard nothing more.
 Deaf  dumb  and blind  I was pushed down onto a mattress.
 A mattress.
 I had slept on planks the past year.
 The guards strapped me down with ropes around my chest  thighs  wrists  and ankles until I could do no more than wriggle my spread-eagled body.
 A foamy material was wrapped around my hands and feet and a silky hood was pulled over my head  the softest fabric I had felt since Lana s lingerie.
 I stopped squirming  calming myself down so I could focus on my breathing through the hood.
 Then came vibrations of feet on the rough cement floor  followed by the faintest clank of the door being shut  and nothing more.
Was I alone  or was someone watching me.
 I began sweating from the accumulating heat  rage  and fear  my sweat pooling under my back faster than the mattress could absorb it.
 My hands and feet were hot and clammy as well.
sudden sense of panic  of drowning  surged through me.
 I thrashed against my constraints and tried to scream  but my body would hardly move and no sound emerged except a snuffle.
 Why was this being done to me.
 What did Man want from me.
 Surely he would not let me die here.
 This was my final examination.
 I must calm down.
 This was only a test.
 I aced tests.
 The Oriental is a perfect student  the Department Chair had remarked more than once.
 And according to Professor Hammer  I had studied the best of what had been thought and said in Western civilization  its torch passed on to me.
 I was my country s finest representative  Claude had assured me  a natural at the intelligence game.
Remember  you re not half of anything  my mother said  you re twice of everything.
 Yes  I could pass this test  whatever it was  devised by a commissar who had been studying me  and Bon  for the past year.
 He had been reading my confession  even though he  unlike the commandant  already knew most of what was in it.
 He could have let us go  set us free.
 He could have told me he was the commissar.
 Why subject me to a year in isolation.
 My calm vanished and I almost choked against my gag.
 Calm down.
 Breathe slowly.
 I managed to control myself once more.
 Now what.
 How would I pass the time.
 At least an hour must have elapsed since I was blindfolded  hadn t it.
 I longed to lick my lips  but with the gag in my mouth I almost vomited.
 That would have been the death of me.
 When was he coming for me.
 How long would he leave me here.
What had happened to his face.
 The guards would feed me  surely.
 On and on the thoughts came  the thousand cockroaches of time crawling over me until I shivered in agony and revulsion.
I wept for myself then  and the tears under my blindfold had the unexpected benefit of clearing the dust from my mind s eye  enough for me to realize that I was not blind.
 My mind s eye could see  and what I saw was the crapulent major and Sonny  circling around me as I lay on my mattress.
 How did you end up here  with your best friend and blood brother overseeing your demise.
 said the crapulent major.
 Don t you think your life would have taken a different course if you hadn t killed me.
 Not to mention mine  said Sonny.
 Do you know Sofia still weeps for me.
 I ve tried to visit her and put her at peace but she can t see me.
Whereas you  who I would rather not see at all  can see me all the time.
 But I have to say that seeing you like this does give me some pleasure.
 Justice exists after all.
 I wanted to reply to these accusations and tell them to wait for my friend the commissar to explain everything  but even in my head I was mute.
 All I could do was moan in protest  which only made them laugh.
 The crapulent major nudged my thigh with his foot and said  See where your plotting has led you now.
 He nudged me even harder  and I shuddered in protest.
 He kept nudging me with that foot  and I kept shuddering  until I realized it was not the crapulent major but someone I could not see pushing his heel against my leg.
felt the door clang shut again.
 Someone had entered without me knowing  or someone had been here the entire time and just left.
 How much time had passed.
I couldn t be certain.
 Had I fallen asleep.
 If I had  then several hours must have gone by  perhaps an entire day.
 That must be why I was hungry.
 Finally a part of me  my stomach  could be heard  groaning.
 The loudest voice in the world is the voice of one s own tortured stomach.
 Even so  this voice was still a quiet one compared to the angry beast it could be.
 I was not starving  not yet.
 I was just famished  my body having completely digested the wood pigeon that was actually a rat.
 Were they not going to feed me.
 Why was this being done to me.
What had I ever done to him.
I remembered this kind of hunger.
 I had experienced it so often in my youth  even when my mother served me three-quarters of a meal and saved only a quarter for herself.
 I m not hungry  she said.
 When I was old enough to see that she was denying herself  I said  I m not hungry  either  Mama.
 Our staring contest over the meager helpings led us to push them back and forth until her love for me overpowered mine for her  as always.
 Eating her portion  I swallowed not just the food but the salt and pepper of love and anger  spices stronger and harsher than the sugar of sympathy.
 Why were we hungry.
stomach cried.
 Even then I understood that if the rich could only spare all the hungry a bowl of rice  they would be less rich but they would not starve.
 If the solution was so simple  why was anyone hungry.
 Was it only a lack of sympathy.
 No  Man said.
 As he taught me in our study group  both the Bible and Das Kapital provided answers.
 Sympathy alone would never persuade the rich to share willingly and the powerful to give up power voluntarily.
 Revolution made those impossible things happen.
 Revolution would free us all  rich and poor .
but by that Man meant freedom for classes and collectivities.
 He did not necessarily mean that individuals would be freed.
 No  many revolutionaries had died in prison  and that seemed more and more as if it would be my fate.
 But despite my sense of doom  as well as my sweat  my hunger  my love  and my rage  sleep almost overcame me.
 I was fading when that foot nudged me again  this time in the ribs.
 I shook my head and tried to turn onto my side  but my restraints would not let me.
 The foot nudged me once more.
 That foot.
 The demon would not let me rest.
 How I came to hate its horned toes scraping against my bare skin and pushing against my thigh  my hip  my shoulder  my forehead.
 The foot knew whenever I was on the verge of sleep  returning at exactly that moment to deny me even the slightest taste of what I needed so much.
 The monotony of darkness was challenging  and hunger was painful  but this constant wakefulness was even worse.
 How long had I been awake.
 How long had I been in what must be the examination room.
 When was he coming to explain everything to me.
 I could not tell.
 The only interruptions to mark the passage of time were that foot and the occasional touch of hands lifting my hood  loosening my gag  squirting water down my throat.
 I never got more than a word or two out before the gag was tightened again and the hood pulled down to my neck.
 Oh  let me sleep.
 I could touch its dark waters .
 and then that damned foot would nudge at me again.
The foot would keep me awake until I died.
 The foot was slowly  ever so slowly  killing me.
 The foot was judge  guard  and executioner.
 Oh  foot  have sympathy for me.
 Foot  whose whole life is one of being stood upon  of being made to walk the dirty earth  neglected by all above  you of all living things should understand how I feel.
 Foot  where would we  humanity  be without you.
You delivered us from Africa to the rest of the world  and yet so little is said about you.
 Clearly you got a raw deal as compared with  say  the hand.
 If you let me live  I will dedicate words to you and make my readers realize your importance.
 Oh  foot.
 I beg of you  nudge me no more.
 Stop rubbing your calluses on my skin.
 Don t scratch me with your sharp  uncut nails.
 Not that your calluses and nails are your fault.
 They are your negligent master s fault.
confess that I am just as heedless in the care of my feet  your kin.
 But I promise if you just let me go to sleep  I will be a new man in regards to my own feet  to all feet.
 I will worship you  foot  as Jesus Christ did when he washed the feet of sinners and kissed them.
Foot  you should be revolution s symbol  not the hand holding hammer and sickle.
 Yet we keep you hidden under the table  or shod in a shoe.
 We abuse you  as the Chinese do  by binding you.
 Would we ever inflict such an injury on the hand.
 Stop prodding me  please  I beg of you.
 I recognize that humanity poorly represents you  except for when we spend copious amounts of money in dressing you  because you  of course  cannot represent yourself.
 Foot  I wonder why I never thought about you before  or hardly ever.
 The hand is free to do whatever it pleases.
 It even writes.
 No wonder more words have been written about the hand than the foot.
 We share something in common  foot.
 We are the downtrodden of the world.
 If you would only stop keeping me awake  if only  This time the hand nudged me.
 Someone tugged at my hood  loosened it and raised it above my ears  but kept it on my head.
 Then the hand pulled the muffs away and yanked the plugs out and I heard the shuffling of sandals  the scraping of a chair or a stool on cement.
 You idiot.
 the voice said.
 I was still in darkness  hands and feet still bound and encased  body naked and damp.
 Water was poured down my parched throat until I gagged.
 Didn t I tell you not to come.
 It came from far above me  somewhere in the ceiling  his voice  I was sure of it even in my agonized state.
 But how could I not come back.
 I blubbered.
 Mama told me the bird always returns to its nest.
 Am I not that bird.
 Is this not my nest.
origin  my place of birth  my country.
 My home.
 Are these not my people.
 Are you not my friend  my sworn brother  my true comrade.
 Tell me why you re doing this to me.
 I wouldn t do this to my worst enemy.
The voice sighed.
 Never underestimate what you can do to your worst enemy.
But so far as this goes  what was it that priests like your father always said.
unto others as you would have them do unto you.
 That sounds good  but things are never that simple.
 The problem  you see  is how to know what we want to have done to us.
I have no idea what you re talking about  I said.
 Why are you torturing me.
Do you think I want to do this to you.
 I am doing my best to make sure worse things don t happen to you.
 The commandant already believes that I am being too gentle with my pedagogical methods  with my desire to hear your confession.
 He is the kind of dentist who believes toothaches can be treated by removing all of one s teeth with pliers.
 This is the situation you have gotten yourself into by doing exactly what I told you not to do.
 Now  if you have any wish of leaving this camp with your teeth intact  we must play out our roles until the commandant is satisfied.
Please don t be angry with me  I sobbed.
 I couldn t take it if you were angry at me  too.
 He sighed once more.
 Do you remember writing that you forgot something  but that you couldn t remember what it was.
 I told him I didn t remember.
 Of course  he said.
 Human memory is short  and time is long.
 The reason you are here in this examination room is for you to remember what you forgot  or at least forgotten to write.
 My friend  I am here to help you see what it is you cannot see on your own.
 His foot nudged the base of my skull.
 Here  at the back of your head.
But what does that have to do with not letting me sleep.
 I said.
 He laughed  not the laugh of the schoolboy who had enjoyed Tintin comics  but the laugh of someone perhaps just a bit mad.
 You know as well as I why I cannot let you sleep  he said.
 We must access that safe hiding the last of your secrets.
 The longer we keep you awake  the better chance we have of cracking that safe.
But I ve confessed to everything.
No  you haven t  the voice said.
 I am not accusing you of deliberately withholding  though I gave you many opportunities to write your confession in such a way as to satisfy the commandant.
 It is you who bring this on yourself  no one else.
But what am I supposed to confess to.
If I told you what to confess to  then it would not be much of a confession  the voice said.
 But take comfort in knowing that your situation is not as impossible as you think.
 Do you remember our exams  when you would always score perfectly and I would miss a few points.
 Even though I read and memorized as feverishly as you  you always outdid me.
 I just couldn t get the answers to come out of my head.
 But they were there.
 The mind never forgets.
 When I looked at our textbooks again  I thought  Of course.
 I knew them all the time.
 In fact  I know you know the answer to the question you must pass in order to finish your reeducation.
 I will even ask you that question now.
 Answer it successfully and I will free you from your bonds.
 Are you ready.
Go ahead  I said  swelling with confidence.
 All I ever needed was a test to prove myself.
 I heard the rustle of paper  as if he was thumbing through a book  or perhaps my confession.
 What is more precious than independence and freedom.
A trick question.
 The answer was obvious.
 What was he looking for.
mind was swaddled in something soft and clammy.
 Through it I could feel the hard  solid answer  but what it was I could not tell.
 Perhaps the obvious was indeed the answer.
 At last I told him what I thought he wanted to hear: Nothing  I said  is more precious than independence and freedom.
The voice sighed.
 Almost  but not quite.
 Almost  but not right.
 Isn t it frustrating when the answer is right there but one doesn t know what it is.
Why  I cried  are you doing this to me.
 You are my friend  my brother  my comrade.
A long silence ensued.
 I heard only the shuffling of paper and the rasp of his tortured breathing.
 He was sucking hard to ensure the passage of even a small amount of air.
 Then he said  Yes  I am your friend  brother  comrade  all these things until I die.
 As your friend  brother  comrade  I warned you  didn t I.
could not have been any clearer.
 I was not the only one reading your messages  nor could I send you a message without someone looking over my shoulder.
Everyone has someone looking over his shoulder here.
 And yet you insisted on returning  you fool.
Bon was going to get himself killed  I had to come back to protect him.
And you were going to get yourself killed  too  the voice said.
 What kind of plan is that.
 Where would you two be if I was not here.
 We are the Three Musketeers  aren t we.
 Or perhaps now we are the Three Stooges.
 No one volunteers for this camp  but when I realized you would be returning I demanded to be the commissar and to have the two of you sent here.
 Do you know who they put in this camp.
 The ones who chose to make a last stand  who continued to fight a guerrilla war  who will not recant or confess with proper contrition.
Bon has already demanded twice to be shot by firing squad.
 The commandant would gladly have done it if not for me.
 As for you  your chances of survival would be doubtful without my protection.
You call this protection.
If it weren t for me  you would likely be dead already.
 I am a commissar but above me are more commissars  reading your messages  following your progress.
 They dictate your reeducation.
 All I can do is take charge of it and persuade the commandant that my method will work.
 The commandant would have put you on a demining squad  and that would be the end of you.
 But I have gotten you the luxury of a year writing in an isolation cell.
 The other prisoners would kill for your privilege.
 I don t mean that metaphorically.
 I ve done you a big favor  getting the commandant to keep you locked up.
 In his eyes  you are the most dangerous of all subversives  but I ve convinced him that the revolution is better off curing you than killing you.
 Haven t I proven myself a true revolutionary.
 Haven t I sacrificed decades of my life in the cause of liberating our country.
 You of all people should know that.
It is not me who needs convincing.
 It is the commandant.
 You do not write in any way a man like him can understand.
 You claim to be a revolutionary  but your story betrays you  or rather  you betray yourself.
 Why  you stubborn ass  do you insist on writing this way  when you must know that the likes of you threaten the commandants of the world .
 The foot nudged me awake.
 I had fallen asleep for one delicious instance  as if I had been crawling through a desert and tasted a tear.
 Stay awake  the voice said.
 Your life depends on it.
You re going to kill me if you won t let me sleep  I said.
I am going to keep you awake until you understand  the voice said.
I understand nothing.
Then you have understood almost everything  the voice said.
 He chuckled and it sounded almost like my old schoolmate.
 Isn t it funny how we find ourselves here  my friend.
 You came to save Bon s life and I came to save both your lives.
Let us hope my plot works out better than yours.
 But truth be told  it wasn t purely out of friendship that I petitioned to be the commissar here.
 You have seen my face  or rather  my lack of one.
 Can you imagine my wife and children seeing this.
 The voice cracked.
 Can you imagine their horror.
 Can you imagine mine every time I look in the mirror.
 Although  to be honest  I have not looked at a mirror for years now.
I wept  thinking of him exiled from them.
 His wife was a revolutionary  too  a girl from our sister school of such integrity and simple beauty that I would have fallen in love with her if he hadn t first.
 His boy and girl must be now at least seven and eight  little angels whose only fault was that they sometimes fought with each other.
 They would never look with fear on your .
 your condition  I said.
 You only imagine what they see through how you see yourself.
You know nothing.
 he shouted.
 Silence ensued again  interrupted only by the rasp of his breathing.
 I could imagine the scars of his lips  the scars in his throat  but all I wanted was to sleep .
 His foot nudged me.
 I apologize for losing my temper  the voice said  softly.
 My friend  you cannot know what I feel.
 You only think you can.
 But can you know what it is like to be so horrible that your own children cry when they see you  when your wife flinches at your touch  when your own friend does not recognize you.
 Bon has seen me this last year and not known who I am.
 True  he sits at the back of the meeting hall and only sees me from afar.
 I have not called him in to let him know who I am  because such knowledge would certainly do him no good and probably do him great harm.
Nevertheless nevertheless I dream that he will recognize me despite myself  even if  in recognizing me  he would only want to kill me.
 Can you imagine the pain of losing my friendship with him.
 Perhaps you can.
 But can you actually know the pain of napalm burning the skin off your face and your body.
 How can you.
Then tell me  I cried.
 I want to know what happened to you.
Silence ensued  for how long I do not know  until the foot nudged me again and I realized I had missed the first part of his story.
 I was still wearing my uniform  said the voice.
 The sense of doom was thick among my unit  panic in the eyes of the officers and the men.
 With the liberation only hours away  I hid my joy and excitement but not my worry for my family  even though they should be safe.
 My wife was at home with the children  one of our couriers close by to ensure their safety.
 When the tanks of the liberation army approached our bridge and my commanding officer ordered us to stand firm  I worried for myself as well.
 I didn t want our liberators to shoot me on the last day of the war  and my mind was calculating how to avoid such a fate when someone said  Here s the air force at last.
 One of our planes was overhead  flying high to avoid antiaircraft fire  but also flying far too high for a bombing run.
 Get closer  someone shouted.
How s he going to hit anything flying that high.
 The voice chuckled.
 How indeed.
 When the pilot dropped his bombs  the sense of dread possessing my fellow officers touched me  for I could see that the bombs  instead of falling toward the tanks  were falling toward us  in slow motion.
 The bombs fell faster than our eyesight told us  and though we ran  we did not get far.
 A cloud of napalm engulfed us  and I suppose I was lucky.
 I ran faster than the others and the napalm only licked me.
 It hurt.
 Oh  how much it hurt.
 But what can I tell you besides the fact that being on fire feels like being on fire.
 What can I tell you about the pain except that it was the most horrendous pain I have ever felt.
 The only way for me to show you how much it hurt  my friend  is for me to burn you myself  and that I will never do.
I  too  had come close to death on the tarmac of the Saigon airport  and again on the set of the Movie  but neither experience was the same as being burned.
worst I had been lightly scorched.
 I tried to imagine that multiplied by ten thousand  by a napalm that was the very light of Western civilization  having been invented at Harvard  or so I had learned in Claude s class.
 But I could not.
All I could feel was my desire for sleep as my self dissolved  leaving only my melting mind.
 But even in this buttery condition  my mind understood that this was not the time to talk about me.
 I can t imagine  I said.
 Not at all.
It was a miracle that I lived.
 I am a living miracle.
 A human being turned inside out.
 I should be dead but for my dear wife  who searched for me when I did not come home.
 She found me dying in an army hospital  a low-priority case.
When she notified the powers that be  they ordered the best surgeons remaining in Saigon to operate on me.
 I was saved.
 But for what.
 The pain of being burned was hardly less than the pain of having no skin and no face.
 I was on fire every day for months.
 When my medication wears off  I still burn.
 Excruciating is the right word  but it cannot convey the feeling it describes.
I think I know what excruciation feels like.
You are only beginning to know.
You don t have to do this.
Then you do not yet understand.
 Certain things can be learned only through the feeling of excruciation.
 I want you to know what it is that I knew and still know.
 I would have spared you that knowledge if you had not come back.
 But you have come back  and the commandant is watching.
 Left by yourself  you would not survive under his care.
 You frighten him.
 You are nothing but a shadow standing at the mouth of his cave  some strange creature that sees things from two sides.
 People like you must be purged because you bear the contamination that can destroy the revolution s purity.
 My task is to prove that you do not need to be purged  that you can be released.
 I have constructed this examination room exactly for this purpose.
You don t have to do this  I muttered.
But I do.
 What s being done to you is for your own good.
 The commandant would break you the only way he knows how  through your body.
 The only way to save you was to promise the commandant that I would test new methods of examination that would not leave a mark.
 This is why we have not beat you even once.
I should be thankful.
Yes  you should.
 But now it is time for the final revision.
 The commandant will accept no less.
 You must give him more than what you have.
I have nothing left to confess.
There is always something.
 That is confession s nature.
 We can never stop confessing because we are imperfect.
 Even the commandant and I must criticize ourselves to each other  as the Party has intended.
 The military commandant and the political commissar are the living embodiment of dialectical materialism.
are the thesis and the antithesis from which comes the more powerful synthesis  the truly revolutionary consciousness.
If you already know what I forgot to confess  then tell me.
The voice chuckled again.
 I heard the shuffling of papers.
 Let me quote from your manuscript  the voice said.
  The communist agent with the papier-mâché evidence of her espionage crammed into her mouth  our sour names literally on the tip of her tongue.
  You mention her four more times in your confession.
learn that you pulled this list from her mouth and that she looked at you with mortal hatred  but we don t learn her fate.
 You must tell us what you did to her.
We demand to know.
I saw her face again  her dark peasant skin and broad  flat nose  so similar to those broad  flat noses of the doctors surrounding her in the movie theater.
 But  I said  I did nothing to her.
Nothing.
 Do you think her fate is the thing you have forgotten that you have forgotten.
 But how is her tragedy possible to forget.
 Her fate is so clear.
 Was there ever any fate for her that could differ from what a reader might imagine  seeing her in your confession.
But I did nothing to her.
Exactly.
 Don t you see how everything in need of confession is already known.
 You indeed did nothing.
 That is the crime that you must acknowledge and to which you must confess.
 Do you agree.
Perhaps.
 My voice was faint.
 His foot nudged me again.
 Would he let me sleep if I said yes.
It is time for me to rest  my friend.
 I can feel the pain again.
 The pain never goes away.
 Do you know how I tolerate it.
 Morphine.
 The voice chuckled.
 But that wonder drug only numbs the body and the brain.
 What about my mind.
 I ve discovered that the only way to manage pain is to imagine someone else s greater pain  a suffering that diminishes your own.
 So  remember what we learned in the lycée  the words of Phan Boi Chau.
  For a human being  the greatest suffering comes from losing his country.
  When this human being lost his face  his skin  and his family  this human being imagined you  my friend.
You had lost your country and I was the one who exiled you.
 I felt deeply for you  the terrible loss only hinted at in your cryptic messages.
 But now you have returned  and I can no longer imagine your suffering to be greater than mine.
I m suffering now  I said.
 Please  just let me go to sleep.
We re revolutionaries  my friend.
 Suffering made us.
 Suffering for the people is what we chose because we sympathized so much with their suffering.
I know all this  I said.
Then listen to me.
 The chair scraped and his voice  already high above me  rose even higher.
 Please understand.
 I do this to you because I am your friend and your brother.
 Only without the comfort of sleep will you fully understand the horrors of history.
 I tell you this as someone who has slept very little since what has happened to me.
 Believe me when I say that I know how you feel  and that this has to be done.
I was already afraid  but his prescription of my treatment magnified my fear even more.
 Somebody must have something done to him.
 Was I that somebody.
 That cannot be true  or so I wanted to tell him  but my tongue refused to obey me.
 I was only mistaken to be that somebody  because I was  I told him  or thought I did  a nobody.
 I am a lie  a keeper  a book.
 I am a fly  a creeper  a gook.
 I am I am I am  The chair scraped again and I smelled the distinct  gamy odor of the babyfaced guard.
 A foot nudged me and I trembled.
 Please  Comrade  I said.
 Just let me sleep.
 The baby-faced guard snorted  nudged me once more with his horny foot  and said  I m not your comrade.
The prisoner had never known that he needed a respite from history  he who had committed his adult life to its hot pursuit.
 His friend Man had introduced him to the science of history in the study group  its chosen books written in scarlet letters.
 If one understood history s laws  then one could control history s chronology  wresting it away from capitalism  already intent on monopolizing time.
 We wake  work  eat  and sleep according to what the landlord  the owner  the banker  the politician  and the schoolmaster command  Man had said.
accept that our time belongs to them  when in truth our time belongs to us.
Awaken  peasants  workers  colonized.
 Awaken  invisible ones.
 Stir from your zones of occult instability and steal the gold watch of time from the paper tigers  running dogs  and fat cats of imperialism  colonialism  and capitalism.
 If you know how to steal it  time is on your side  and numbers are  too.
 There are millions of you and only thousands of them  the colonizers  compradors  and capitalists who have persuaded the wretched of the earth that capitalist history is inevitable.
 We  the vanguard  must convince the dark peoples and subterranean classes that communist history is inevitable.
 The exhaustion of the exploited will inevitably lead them to revolt  but it is our vanguard that speeds up the time toward that uprising  resets the clock of history and rings the alarm clock of revolution.
 Ticktock ticktock ticktock  Fixed on his mattress  the prisoner no  the pupil understood that this was the study group s final session.
 To be a revolutionary subject he must be a historical subject who remembered all  which he could do so only by being fully awake  even if being fully awake would  eventually  kill him.
 And yet if he could but sleep  he would understand better.
 He writhed  he wriggled  he wrestled with himself in his failed bid for sleep  and this may have gone on for hours  or minutes  or seconds  when  all of a sudden  his hood was removed  followed by his gag  allowing him to gasp and suck in air.
 His captor s rough hands plucked away his muffs and earplugs and  lastly  untied the blindfold chafing against his skin.
 Light.
 He could see  but just as quickly he had to shut his eyes.
 Suspended over him were dozens no  hundreds of lightbulbs  planted in the ceiling and blinding him with their collective wattage  their glare radiating through the red filter of his eyelids.
 A foot pushed against his temple and the baby-faced guard said  No sleeping  you.
 He opened his eyes to the glowing hot mass of bulbs arranged in an orderly grid  their intense light revealing an examination room whose walls and ceiling were plastered in white.
 The floor was cement painted white  and even the iron door was painted white  all in a chamber roughly three meters by five.
 The baby-faced guard in his yellow uniform stood at attention in the corner  but the three others in the room stood at the edges of his mattress  one to either side and another at his feet.
 They were dressed in white lab coats and sea-green medical scrubs  hands behind their backs.
 Surgical masks and stainless steel goggles hid their faces  all six orbital lenses focused on him  who was now clearly not only prisoner and pupil but also patient.
 Who are you.
The man to his left asked the question.
 Didn t they know who he was by now.
He was the man with a plan  the spy with an eye  the mole in the hole  but his tongue had inflated itself to fill his entire mouth.
 Please  he wanted to say  let me close my eyes.
 Then I ll tell you who I am.
 The answer is on the tip of my tongue I am the gook being cooked.
 And if you say I am only half a gook.
Well  in the words of that blond-haired major tasked with counting the communist dead after the battle for Ben Tre  confronted with the mathematical problem of a corpse whose remains included only his head  chest  and arms: half a gook is still a gook.
 And since the only good gook is a dead gook  as the American soldiers liked to say  it must be that this patient was one bad gook.
 What are you.
This came from the man to his right in the commandant s voice.
 On hearing this voice  the patient lunged against his ropes until they burned his flesh  the question inciting a red flare of silent rage.
 I know what you re thinking.
 You think I m a traitor.
 A counterrevolutionary.
 A bastard who belongs nowhere  not to be trusted by anyone.
 The rage subsided just as suddenly into despair  and he wept.
 Would his sacrifices never be honored.
 Would no one ever understand him.
 Would he always be alone.
 Why must he be the man to whom things are done.
 What is your name.
It was the man at the end of the mattress  speaking in the commissar s voice.
easy question  or so he thought.
 He opened his mouth  but when his tongue would not move  he shrank in fright.
 Had he forgotten his name.
 No  impossible.
 He had given himself his American name.
 As for his native name  his mother  the only one who understood him  had given it to him  his father no help  his father who never called him son or by his name  even in class simply calling him you.
 No  he could never forget his name  and when at last it came to him  he freed his tongue from its gummy bed and said it aloud.
The commissar said  He can t even get his name right.
 Doctor  I think he needs the serum  to which the man on the patient s left said  Very well  then.
 The doctor brought his hands from behind his back  gloved to the forearms in white rubber  one hand with an ampule the size of a rifle cartridge  the other with a needle.
 With a smooth stroke  the doctor drew a clear liquid from the ampule into the needle  then crouched by the patient s side.
 When he shuddered and twitched  the doctor said  One way or another I ll inject you  and if you move  it will be worse for you.
 The patient stopped thrashing and the prick in the crook of the elbow was almost a welcome relief  another kind of feeling than the hallucinatory urge for sleep.
 Almost  but not quite.
 Please  he said  turn off the lights.
The commissar said  That we cannot do.
 Don t you see that you must see.
 The commandant snorted.
 He will never see  not with all the light in the world.
 He s been underground too long.
 He s fundamentally blind.
 Now  now  said the doctor  patting the patient s arm.
 Men of science must never give up hope  least of all when operating on the mind.
 As we can neither see nor touch his mind  all we can do is help the patient see his own mind by keeping him awake  until he can observe himself as someone else.
 This is most crucial  for we are the ones most able to know ourselves and yet the most unable to know ourselves.
 It s as if our noses are pressed up against the pages of a book  the words right in front of us but which we cannot read.
 Just as distance is needed for legibility  so it is that if we could only split ourselves in two and gain some distance from ourselves  we could see ourselves better than anyone else can.
 This is the nature of our experiment  for which we need one more device.
 The doctor pointed to a brown leather satchel on the floor that the patient had not noticed but immediately recognized  a military field telephone  the sight of which made him tremble again.
 The Soviets provided the serum that will compel our patient to tell the truth  the doctor said.
 This other component is American.
 You see the look in our patient s eyes.
 He remembers what he has seen in those interrogation rooms.
But we will not be wiring him via nipple and scrotum to the battery terminals on the phone s generator.
 Instead the doctor reached into the satchel and extracted a black wire we clip this to a toe.
 As for the hand crank  it generates too much electricity.
 We do not want pain.
 We do not torture.
 All we want is enough stimulus to keep him awake.
 Thus I have modified the electrical output and wired the phone to this.
 The doctor held up a wristwatch.
 Every time the second hand crosses twelve o clock  a brief spark travels to the patient s toe.
The doctor untied the burlap sack of wadding from around the patient s foot  and although the patient craned his neck to see the doctor s contraption he could not elevate himself enough to observe the details.
 All he could see was the black wire running from toe to satchel  inside of which the doctor had replaced the wristwatch.
 Sixty seconds  gentlemen  said the doctor.
 Ticktock .
 the patient trembled  waiting for the call.
 The patient had seen how a subject receiving such a call answered it by screaming and flinging about.
 By the tenth or twentieth such call  the subject s eyes took on the glassy sheen of a taxidermically prepared specimen in a diorama  living and yet dead  or vice versa  as the subject anticipated the crank s next turn.
 Claude  who had taken the class to see such an interrogation  said  Any of you jokers laugh or get a hard-on  I yank you.
 This is serious business.
 The patient remembered being relieved when he was not asked to turn the crank.
 Watching the subject spasm  he had winced and wondered what the call felt like.
 Now here he was  sweating and shivering as the seconds ticked away until a burst of static electricity made him jump  not pained but startled.
 Perfectly harmless  said the doctor.
 Just keep switching the wire to different toes so he doesn t get a burn from the wire s clip.
Thank you  Doctor  said the commissar.
 Now if you wouldn t mind  I d like some privacy with our patient.
 Take all the time you want  said the commandant  heading for the door.
 This patient s mind is contaminated.
 It needs a thorough washing.
 After the exit of the commandant  the doctor  and the baby-faced guard  but not Sonny and the crapulent major  who observed the patient with great patience as they stood in one corner the commissar sat down on a wooden chair  the only furnishing in the room besides the patient s mattress.
 Please  the patient said  just let me rest.
 The commissar said nothing until the next burst of static electricity jarred the patient.
 Then he leaned forward and showed the patient a thin book heretofore hidden from him.
 We found this in your quarters at the General s villa.
 What is the title.
 KUBARK Counterintelligence Interrogation  1963.
 What is KUBARK.
 A cryptonym for the CIA.
 What is the CIA.
 The Central Intelligence Agency of the USA.
 What is the USA.
 The United States of America.
You see that I hide nothing from you  the commissar said  leaning back.
 I have read your marginal notes  taken account of your underlined passages.
 Everything being done to you comes from this book.
 In other words  yours is an open-book exam.
 There are no surprises.
Sleep .
 I am observing you to see if this serum is working.
 A gift from the KGB  although we both know what the great powers expect for their gifts.
 They have tested their techniques  their weapons  and their ideas on our small country.
have been the subjects of that experiment they call  with a straight face  the Cold War.
 What a joke  given how hot the war has been for us.
 Funny but not so funny  for you and I are together the butt of this joke.
  I thought we were the butt of the joke  said Sonny.
 Hush  said the crapulent major.
 I want to hear this.
 It s going to be rich.
  As always  the commissar continued  we have appropriated their techniques and technology.
 These lightbulbs.
 Manufactured in the USA  and the generator that powers them as well  although the gasoline is a Soviet import.
Please  turn off the lights  the patient said  sweating from the heat generated by the grid of bulbs.
 Hearing no response  he repeated himself  and when he still heard nothing  he realized that the commissar had left.
 He closed his eyes  and for a moment he thought he was asleep  until the electricity bit his toe.
 I ve been subjected to these techniques myself at the Farm  Claude had told the class.
 They work even if you know what is being done to you.
 He was referring to the techniques in the mimeographed KUBARK manual now in the commissar s hands  the required reading for the interrogation course.
 The patient  before he was a patient and when he was only a pupil  had read this book several times.
had memorized its plot  characters  and devices  and he understood the importance of isolation  sensory deprivation  joint interrogators  and penetration agents.
 He had mastered the Ivan Is a Dope technique  the Wolf in Sheep s Clothing technique  the Alice in Wonderland technique  the All-Seeing Eye technique  the Nobody Loves You technique.
 In short  he knew this book inside and out  including its stress on an unpredictable routine.
 Thus it was no surprise when the baby-faced guard came in and reattached the wire to one of his fingers.
While the baby-faced guard was rewrapping his foot  the patient mumbled something even he did not understand  to which the baby-faced guard said nothing at all.
 This baby-faced guard was the one who had shown the patient his tattoo  BORN IN THE NORTH TO DIE IN THE SOUTH  scripted in blue ink on his biceps.
 As he was in the last division to march on Saigon  however  the war was over by the time he arrived to liberate the city.
 But his tattoo might still be prophetic.
 He had nearly died already from the syphilis given to him by a prisoner s visiting wife  who had paid her bribe with the only resource she had.
 Please  turn off the lights  the patient said.
 But the baby-faced guard was no longer tending to him.
 It was a teenage guard  delivering his food.
 Hadn t he just eaten.
 He wasn t hungry  but the teenage guard forced the rice gruel down his throat with a metal spoon.
 The schedule of his basic necessities must be disrupted  his feeding schedule irregular and unpredictable  exactly according to the book.
 Like a doctor studying a fatal disease that suddenly afflicts him  he knew everything that had happened and would happen to him  and yet it made no difference.
 He attempted to tell this to the teenage guard  who told him to shut up before kicking him in the ribs and leaving.
 The electric wire bit him again  only this time it was not clipped to his finger but to his ear.
 He shook his head but the wire would not release its jaws  nagging at him to stay awake.
 His mind was raw and chapped  as his mother s nipples must have been after he fed on them.
 My hungry baby  she called him.
 Just a few hours old  you couldn t even open your eyes and yet you knew exactly where to find my milk.
 And once you latched on  you wouldn t let go.
 You demanded it every hour on the hour.
 That first soupçon of his mother s milk must have been perfection  but he could not remember what it tasted like.
 All he knew was what it did not taste like: fear  the sharp  metallic tinge of a nine-volt battery rubbed on his tongue.
 How do you feel.
The commissar had returned  looming over the patient in his white lab coat  surgical mask  and stainless steel goggles  his hands in white rubber gloves  holding a notepad and a pen.
 I said  how are you feeling.
 I can t feel my body.
 But can you feel your mind.
 My mind feels everything.
 Now do you remember.
 What.
 Do you remember what you have forgotten.
And it occurred to the patient that he did remember what he had forgotten  and that if he could just articulate it  the wire would be removed from the tip of his nose  the taste of a battery in his mouth would go away  the lights would be turned off  and he could  at last  sleep.
 He wept  his tears falling into the vast waters of his forgetting  and that slight saline change to the liquid constitution of his amnesia provoked the obsidian past to rise.
 An obelisk slowly emerged from his ocean of disremembering  the resurrection of what he did not even know was dead since it had been buried at sea.
 Engraved on the obelisk were hieroglyphs  cryptic images of three mice  a series of rectangles  undulating curves  a scattering of kanji .
 and a movie projector  for what had been forgotten  he now remembered  had occurred in the room they called the movie theater.
 Who called it the movie theater.
 The policemen.
 Why is it called the movie theater.
 When foreigners visit  the room is a movie theater.
 And when foreigners are not visiting.
 And when foreigners are not visiting.
 Interrogations are done there.
 How are interrogations done.
 There are so many ways.
 What is one example.
One example.
 There were so many to choose from.
 The telephone call  of course  and the plane ride  and the water drum  and the ingenious  scarless method involving pins  paper  and an electric fan  and the massage  and the lizards  and the spot burns  and the eel.
 None of them were written in the book.
Even Claude did not know their origins  only that they had been practiced long before his entry into the guild.
  This is going on for far too long  said the crapulent major.
 He s had enough.
 No  said Sonny.
 He s really sweating now.
We re starting to get somewhere.
 Who was in the movie theater.
 The three policemen.
 The major.
 Claude.
 Who else was in the movie theater.
 Who else was in the movie theater.
 Who else  A.
 The communist agent.
 What happened to her.
How could he have forgotten the agent with the papier-mâché evidence in her mouth.
 His own name was written on the list of policemen she had been trying to swallow when she was caught.
 Watching her in the movie theater  he was certain that she was unaware of his true identity  though he was the one who had passed the list to Man.
 But the agent  being Man s courier  knew who Man was.
She lay in the center of the capacious room  naked on a table covered with a black rubber sheet  hands and feet roped to the table s four legs.
 The movie theater was lit only by overhead fluorescent lighting  its blackout curtains puckered shut.
 Pushed haphazardly against the walls were gray metal folding chairs  while in the back of the room stood a Sony movie projector.
 On the opposite wall the movie screen served as the backdrop  from where Claude watched by the projector  of the agent s interrogation.
 The crapulent major was in charge  but having abdicated his role to the three policemen in the movie theater  he sat watching from a folding chair  his face unhappy and sweating.
 Where were you.
 With Claude.
 What did you do.
 I watched.
 What did you see.
Later  sometime in the bright future  the commissar would play the patient a tape recording of his answer  though he had no memory of the tape recorder s presence.
 Many people who heard their voices on tape thought that they did not sound like themselves  which they found disturbing  and he was no exception.
He heard this stranger s voice say  I saw everything.
 Claude told me that this was nasty business  but that I had to see it.
 I said  Is this really necessary.
Claude said  Talk to the major.
 He s in charge.
 I m just the adviser.
 So I went to the major  who said  There s nothing I can do about it.
 Nothing.
 The General wants to know how she got the names and he wants to know now.
 But this is wrong  I said.
 Don t you see.
 This doesn t need to be done.
 The major sat there and said nothing  and Claude  standing by the movie projector  was also silent.
Just give me some time alone with her  I said to the three policemen.
 Although the Americans called our policemen white mice because of their white dress uniforms and hats  none of these three were mouselike.
 They were average specimens of national manhood  slim and gaunt with deeply tanned skin from riding in jeeps and on motorcycles.
 Instead of head-to-toe dress whites  they wore field uniforms of white shirts and light blue pants  their light blue caps doffed.
 Just give me a couple of hours with her  I said.
 The youngest policeman snorted.
 He just wants first dibs.
 I turned red with fury and shame  and the oldest policeman said  The American s not worrying about this.
 Neither should you.
Here  have a Coke.
 In the corner was a Frigidaire full of soda  and the oldest policeman  who already had an open bottle in his hand  pressed it into mine before ushering me to the chair next to the major.
 I sat down and the fingers of my hand  holding the ice-cold bottle  began to go numb.
Please  sirs.
 cried the agent.
 I m innocent.
 I swear.
 That explains why you got a list with all those policemen s names on it.
 said the youngest.
 You just found that lying around somewhere and then got so hungry you had to try to eat it.
 No  no  sobbed the agent.
 She needed a good story to cover herself but for some reason she could not come up with it  not that any story could divert the policemen.
 All right  said the middle-aged one  unbuckling his belt and unzipping his pants.
 He was already erect  his eleventh finger protruding from his boxers.
 The agent moaned and turned her eyes away to the other side of the table  only to find the youngest policeman standing there.
 Having already dropped his pants  he was pumping himself furiously with one hand.
 Sitting behind him  all I saw were the sunken cheeks of his naked buttocks  as well as the horror in the agent s eyes.
 She saw that this was not an interrogation but a sentence  written by the policemen with the instruments in their hands.
 The oldest  who must have been a father  was fondling the stubby length of the ugliest part of most adult male bodies.
 This was fully evident to me now that the youngest policeman had turned in profile  bringing himself closer to the agent s face.
 Come on  take a look  he said.
 He likes you.
 The three engorged members differed in length  one pointing up  another down  the third bent to the side.
Please don t do this.
 the agent cried  eyes shut and head shaking.
 I beg you.
 The oldest policeman laughed.
 Look at that flat nose and dark skin.
 She s got some Cambodian in her  or maybe Cham.
 They re hot-blooded.
Let s start easy  the middle-aged policeman said  climbing up awkwardly onto the table between her legs.
 What s your name.
 She said nothing  but when he repeated the question  something primitive awoke in her  and when she opened her eyes to look at the policeman  she said  My surname is Viet and my given name is Nam.
 For a moment  the three policemen were speechless.
 Then they burst into laughter.
 This bitch is asking for it  said the youngest.
 The middleaged one  still laughing  ponderously lowered himself onto the agent as she screamed and screamed.
 Watching the policeman grunting and pounding  and the other two shuffling around the table with their pants around their ankles  ugly knees exposed  it seemed to me that they were  after all  mice  gathered around a block of cheese.
 My countrymen never understood the concept of a queue  no one wanting to be at the end of a line  and as these three mice jostled one another and obstructed my view  all I could see were their sweaty nether regions and the agent s thrashing legs.
 She was no longer screaming becaus she no longer could  the youngest policeman having silenced her.
 Hurry up  he said.
 What s taking so long.
 I ll take as long as I please  said the middle-aged one.
 You re enjoying yourself with her anyway  aren t you.
  Stop talking about this.
 cried the crapulent major  clapping his hands over his eyes.
 I can t look.
  But we were helpless except to watch as the middle-aged policeman at last convulsed with a tremendous spasm.
 Pleasure of this degree should always be kept private  unless everyone was participating  as in a carnival or an orgy.
 Here  the pleasure was hideous to those who only looked.
 My turn  said the youngest  detaching himself from the agent  who was able to scream once more until the oldest took the youngest policeman s place  silencing her.
 What a mess  said the youngest  hiking up his shirt.
 He took his position on the table  undeterred by the mess  and even as the middle-aged policeman zipped up his pants over the frizzy toupee crowning his deflated self  the youngest began repeating his predecessor s motions  reaching  in a few minutes  the same obscene conclusion.
 Then it was the oldest policeman s turn  and when he climbed onto the table  he left me an unimpeded view of the agent s face.
 Although she was now free to scream  she no longer did  or no longer could.
 She was staring directly at me  but with the screws of pain tightened on her jaws and eyes  those screws that turned ever more  I had the feeling she did not see me at all.
After the oldest was finished  the room was quiet except for the agent s sobbing and the hiss of the cigarettes being smoked by the other policemen.
 The oldest  catching me looking at him as he tucked his shirt in  shrugged.
 Somebody else would do it.
 So why not us.
 The youngest said  Don t waste your time talking to him.
 He couldn t get it up to give her the treatment anyway.
 Look  he hasn t even touched his soda.
 It was true  I had forgotten the bottle in my hand.
It was no longer even cold.
 If you re not going to drink it  the middle-aged one said  give it to me.
 I did not move and the exasperated policeman walked three paces to me and seized the bottle.
 He took a sip and made a face.
 I hate warm soda.
 He said this with malevolence and offered me back the bottle  but I could only look blankly at it  my mind as numb as my fingers had been.
 Wait a minute  said the oldest.
 No need to make the man drink warm soda when this one here needs a good washing.
 He patted the agent s knee  and at that touch  and at those words  she came back to life  rearing her head and glaring at us all with a hatred so intense that every man in the room should have turned to cinders and smoke.
But nothing happened.
 We remained flesh and blood  and so did she as the middle-aged policeman laughed  putting his thumb over the bottle s mouth and shaking it vigorously.
 Good idea  he said.
 But it s going to be sticky.
Yes  memory was sticky.
 I must have stepped on some of that soda  even though afterward the policemen had splashed buckets of water on the agent and the table  then mopped the tile floor.
  I ordered them to do that  said the crapulent major.
 They weren t happy about cleaning up after themselves  I can tell you that.
  As for the agent  left on the table still naked  she no longer screamed or even sobbed but was dead silent  eyes closed once more  head flung back  back arched.
 After the policemen had flushed themselves from her  they left the drained bottle inside  buried to the throat of its neck.
 I can see right into her  said the middle-aged policeman  bending down to peer through the bottom of the bottle with gynecological interest.
 Let me see  said the youngest  shouldering him aside.
 I don t see a thing  he complained.
 It s a joke  you idiot.
shouted the oldest.
 A joke.
 Yes  a very bad joke  a slapstick travesty that one understands in any language  as Claude did.
 While the policemen played doctor with their makeshift speculum  he came up to me and said  Just so you know.
didn t teach them how to do that.
 The bottle  I mean.
 They came up with it all on their own.
They were good students  just like me.
 They learned their lesson well  and so have I  so if you would please just turn off the lights  if you would please just turn off the telephone  if you would just stop calling me  if you would remember that the two of us were once and perhaps still are the best of friends  if you could see that I have nothing left to confess  if history s ship had taken a different tack  if I had become an accountant  if I had fallen in love with the right woman  if I had been a more virtuous lover  if my mother had been less of a mother  if my father had gone to save souls in Algeria instead of here  if the commandant did not need to make me over  if my own people did not suspect me  if they saw me as one of them  if we forgot our resentment  if we forgot revenge  if we acknowledged that we are all puppets in someone else s play  if we had not fought a war against each other  if some of us had not called ourselves nationalists or communists or capitalists or realists  if our bonzes had not incinerated themselves  if the Americans hadn t come to save us from ourselves  if we had not bought what they sold  if the Soviets had never called us comrades  if Mao had not sought to do the same  if the Japanese hadn t taught us the superiority of the yellow race  if the French had never sought to civilize us  if Ho Chi Minh had not been dialectical and Karl Marx not analytical  if the invisible hand of the market did not hold us by the scruffs of our necks  if the British had defeated the rebels of the new world  if the natives had simply said  Hell no  on first seeing the white man  if our emperors and mandarins had not clashed among themselves  if the Chinese had never ruled us for a thousand years  if they had used gunpowder for more than fireworks  if the Buddha had never lived  if the Bible had never been written and Jesus Christ never sacrificed  if Adam and Eve still frolicked in the Garden of Eden  if the dragon lord and the fairy queen had not given birth to us  if the two of them had not parted ways  if fifty of their children had not followed their fairy mother to the mountains  if fifty more had not followed their dragon father to the sea  if legend s phoenix had truly soared from its own ashes rather than simply crashed and burned in our countryside  if there were no Light and no Word  if Heaven and earth had never parted  if history had never happened  neither as farce nor as tragedy  if the serpent of language had not bitten me  if I had never been born  if my mother was never cleft  if you needed no more revisions  and if I saw no more of these visions  please  could you please just let me sleep.
Of course you cannot sleep.
 Revolutionaries are insomniacs  too afraid of history s nightmare to sleep  too troubled by the world s ills to be less than awake  or so the commandant said.
 He spoke as I lay on my mattress  a specimen on a slide under a microscope  and with a shutter s smooth snick  I realized that the doctor s experiment had succeeded.
 I was divided  tormented body below  placid consciousness floating high above  beyond the illuminated ceiling  buffeted from my agony through an invisible gyroscopic mechanism.
 Seen from this altitude  the vivisection being done to me was actually very interesting  leaving my wobbly body s yolk shimmering beneath my viscous white mind.
Thus simultaneously subjugated and elevated  I was beyond the comprehension of even Sonny and the crapulent major  who remained on the plane of my chronic sleeplessness  peering over the shoulders of the doctor  the commandant  and the commissar as they stood around me  no longer in lab coats  scrubs  and stainless steel goggles but in yellow uniforms with red tabs of rank  pistols holstered on their hips.
 While those below were human and ghost  I was the supernatural Holy Spirit  clairvoyant and clairaudient.
 In this detached way  I saw the commandant kneel down and reach his hand toward my subhuman self  index finger slowly extending until it pressed lightly on my open eyeball  a touch at which my poor body flinched.
MYSELF Please  let me sleep.
THE COMMANDANT You can sleep when I m satisfied with your confession.
MYSELF But I ve done nothing.
THE COMMANDANT Exactly.
MYSELF The lights are too bright.
 If you could  THE COMMANDANT The world watched what happened to our country and most of the world did nothing.
 Not only that  they also took great pleasure in it.
 You are no exception.
MYSELF I spoke out  didn t I.
 Is it my fault no one listened.
THE COMMANDANT Don t make excuses.
 We didn t whine.
 We were all willing to be martyrs.
 It s only pure luck that the doctor  the commissar  and myself are alive.
 You simply weren t willing to sacrifice yourself to save the agent  though she was willing to sacrifice her life to save the commissar s.
MYSELF No  I  THE COMMANDANT and THE COMMISSAR and THE DOCTOR  in unison  Admit it.
I saw myself admit it then.
 I heard myself acknowledge that I was not being punished or reeducated for the things I had done  but for the thing I had not done.
 I wept and cried without shame for the shame I felt.
 I was guilty of the crime of doing nothing.
 I was the man to whom things are done because he had done nothing.
 And not only did I weep and cry; I howled  a tornado of feeling causing the windows of my soul to shudder and clack.
 The sight and sound of my abjection was so disturbing that everyone averted his eyes from the sorry mess I had made of myself  except for the commandant  the commissar  and I.
THE COMMISSAR Satisfied.
THE COMMANDANT So he s admitted to doing nothing.
 But what about the Bru comrade and the Watchman.
THE COMMISSAR He couldn t have done anything to save the Bru comrade and the Watchman.
 As for the agent  she lived.
THE COMMANDANT She couldn t even walk when we liberated her.
THE COMMISSAR Perhaps she was broken in body  but not in spirit.
THE DOCTOR What happened to those policemen.
THE COMMISSAR I found them.
THE COMMANDANT They paid the price.
 Shouldn t he.
THE COMMISSAR Yes  but he should also receive credit for the lives he took.
THE COMMANDANT Sonny and the major.
 Their pitiful lives aren t even equal to the agent s injuries.
THE COMMISSAR But is his father s life equal.
My father.
 What was this.
 Even Sonny and the crapulent major  appalled at the harsh evaluation of their lives and deaths  paused in their agitation to listen.
THE COMMANDANT What did he do to his father.
THE COMMISSAR Ask him yourself.
THE COMMANDANT You.
 Look at me.
 What did you do to your father.
MYSELF I didn t do anything to my father.
THE COMMANDANT and THE COMMISSAR and THE DOCTOR  in unison  Admit it.
And looking down on my weeping  yolked self  I did not know whether I should laugh or cry in sympathy.
 Did I not remember what I had written to Man about my father.
 I wish he were dead.
MYSELF But I didn t mean it.
THE COMMISSAR Be honest with yourself.
MYSELF I didn t mean for you to do it.
THE COMMISSAR Of course you did.
 Who did you think you were writing to.
I was writing to the revolutionary who was on a powerful committee and who knew  even then  that he might one day be a commissar; I was writing to a political cadre already learning the plastic art of making over the souls and minds of men; I was writing to a friend who would do whatever I asked; I was writing to a writer who valued the force of a sentence and the weight of the word; I was writing to a brother who knew what I wanted more than I knew it myself.
THE COMMANDANT and THE COMMISSAR and THE DOCTOR  in unison  What did you do.
MYSELF I wanted him dead.
The commandant rubbed his chin and looked doubtfully at the doctor  who shrugged.
 The doctor only cracked open bodies and minds; he was not responsible for what was found.
THE DOCTOR How did his father die.
THE COMMISSAR A bullet in the head  listening to his assassin s confession.
THE COMMANDANT I wouldn t put it past you to make up this story to save him.
THE COMMISSAR Ask my agent.
 She arranged the father s death.
The commandant gazed down at me.
 If I could be guilty of doing nothing  shouldn t I also be deserving of wanting something.
 In this case  my father s death.
 This father  in the commandant s atheistic mind  was a colonizer  a dealer in the opiate of the masses  a spokesman for a God for whom millions of darkskinned people had been sacrificed  supposedly for their own salvation  a burning cross lighting their hard road to Heaven.
 His death was not murder but a just sentence  which was all that I had ever wanted to write.
THE COMMANDANT I ll think about it.
The commandant turned and departed  the doctor obediently following  leaving Sonny and the crapulent major to watch as the commissar slowly settled into the chair with a grimace.
THE COMMISSAR What a pair we are.
MYSELF Turn off the lights.
 I can t see.
THE COMMISSAR What is more precious than independence and freedom.
MYSELF Happiness.
THE COMMISSAR What is more precious than independence and freedom.
MYSELF Love.
THE COMMISSAR What is more precious than independence and freedom.
MYSELF I don t know.
THE COMMISSAR What is more precious than independence and freedom.
MYSELF I wish I was dead.
There  I had said it  sobbing and howling.
 Now  at last  I knew what it was that I wanted for myself  what so many people wanted for me.
 Sonny and the crapulent major applauded in approval  while the commissar drew his pistol.
 At last.
 Death would hurt only for a moment  which was not so bad when one considered how much  and for how long  life hurt.
 The sound of the bullet loading into the chamber was as clear as the bell of my father s church  which my mother and I heard from our hovel every Sunday morning.
 Looking down on my self  I could still see the child in the man and the man in the child.
 I was ever always divided  although it was only partially my fault.
 While I chose to live two lives and be a man of two minds  it was hard not to  given how people had always called me a bastard.
 Our country itself was cursed  bastardized  partitioned into north and south  and if it could be said of us that we chose division and death in our uncivil war  that was also only partially true.
 We had not chosen to be debased by the French  to be divided by them into an unholy trinity of north  center  and south  to be turned over to the great powers of capitalism and communism for a further bisection  then given roles as the clashing armies of a Cold War chess match played in air-conditioned rooms by white men wearing suits and lies.
 No  just as my abused generation was divided before birth  so was I divided on birth  delivered into a postpartum world where hardly anyone accepted me for who I was  but only ever bullied me into choosing between my two sides.
 This was not simply hard to do no  it was truly impossible  for how could I choose me against myself.
 Now my friend would release me from this small world with its small-minded people  those mobs who treated a man with two minds and two faces as a freak  who wanted only one answer for any question.
But wait what was he doing.
 He had put the gun on the floor and knelt by my side  untying the sack around my right hand  then untying the rope binding it.
I saw myself holding my hand before my eyes  scored with the red mark of our brotherhood.
 Through those subhuman eyes and through my supernatural gaze above  I saw my friend place the pistol in my hand  a Tokarev.
 The Soviets had based their design on the American Colt  and while its weight was not unfamiliar  I could not hold the pistol upright on my own  forcing my friend to wrap my fingers around the grip.
THE COMMISSAR You are the only one who can do this for me.
 Will you.
And here he leaned forward  pressing the muzzle between his eyes  his hands steadying my own.
MYSELF Why are you doing this.
As I spoke  I cried.
 He  too  wept  tears rolling down the hideous absence of a face that I had not seen this close in years.
 Where was the brother of my youth  vanished from everywhere except my memory.
 There  and only there  his earnest face remained  serious and idealistic  with high  pronounced cheekbones; thin  narrow lips; an aristocratic  slim nose; and an expansive brow hinting at a powerful intelligence whose tidal force had worn away the hairline.
 All that was left to be recognized were the eyes  kept alive by tears  and the timbre of his voice.
THE COMMISSAR I m crying because I can hardly bear to see you so afflicted.
 But I cannot save you except to have you afflicted.
 The commandant would not have it otherwise.
At this I laughed  although the body on the mattress only trembled.
MYSELF How is this saving me.
He smiled through his tears.
 I recognized the smile  too  the whitest I had ever seen among any of my people  befitting a dentist s son.
 What had changed was not the smile but the face  or the lack of it  so that this white smile floated in a void  the horrible grin of a Cheshire cat.
THE COMMISSAR We are in an impossible situation.
 The commandant will let you leave only when you redeem yourself.
 But what about Bon.
 And even if he can leave  what will you two do.
MYSELF If Bon can t leave .
 neither can I.
THE COMMISSAR And so you will die here.
He pressed the barrel of the gun against his head even harder.
THE COMMISSAR Shoot me first.
 Not because of my face.
 I would not die for its sake.
 I would only exile myself here so that my family need never see this thing again.
 But I would live.
I was no longer my body or myself  I was only the gun  and through its steel came the vibrations of his words  signaling the impending arrival of a locomotive that would crush us both.
THE COMMISSAR I am the commissar  but what kind of school do I oversee.
 One in which you  of all people  are reeducated.
 It is not because you did nothing that you are here.
 It is because you are too educated that you are being reeducated.
 But what have you learned.
MYSELF I watched and did nothing.
THE COMMISSAR I will tell you what cannot be found in any book.
 In every town  village  and ward the cadres deliver the same lectures.
 They reassure those citizens not in reeducation of our good intentions.
 But the committees and the commissars do not care about remaking these prisoners.
 Everyone knows this and no one will say it aloud.
 All the jargon that the cadres spout only hides an awful truth  MYSELF I wanted my father dead.
THE COMMISSAR Now that we are the powerful  we don t need the French or the Americans to fuck us over.
 We can fuck ourselves just fine.
The glare above my body was blinding.
 I was no longer certain whether I could see everything or nothing  and under the heat of the lights my palm was slick with perspiration.
 My grip on the pistol was slippery  but the commissar s hands held the barrel in place.
THE COMMISSAR If anyone besides you knew that I had spoken the unspeakable  I would be reeducated.
 But it is not reeducation that I fear.
 It is the education I have that terrifies me.
 How can a teacher live teaching something he does not believe in.
 How do I live seeing you like this.
 I cannot.
 Now pull the trigger.
I think I said that I would rather shoot myself first  but I could not hear myself  and when I tried to pull the gun away from his head and turn it toward my own  I did not have the strength.
 Those relentless eyes stared down at me  now dry as bones  and from somewhere deep inside of him came a rumble.
 Then the rumble burst forth  and he was laughing.
 What was so funny.
 This black comedy.
 No  that was too heavy.
 This illuminated room allowed for only a light comedy  a white comedy where one could die from laughter  not that he laughed that long.
He stopped laughing when he let go of my hand  my arm dropping to my side and the pistol clattering on the cement floor.
 Behind the commissar  Sonny and the crapulent major stared with longing at the Tokarev.
 Either one would have been happy to pick it up and shoot me if he could  but they no longer possessed their bodies.
 As for the commissar and I  we had bodies but could not shoot  and perhaps that made the commissar laugh.
 The void that had been his face still loomed above me  his hilarity having passed with such rapidity I was not sure I had heard correctly.
 I thought I saw sadness in that void  but I could not be certain.
 Only the eyes and teeth expressed any emotion  and he no longer cried or smiled.
THE COMMISSAR I apologize.
 That was selfish and weak of me.
 If I died  you would die  and then Bon.
 The commandant can t wait to drag him before the firing squad.
 At least now you can save yourself and our friend  if not me.
 That I can live with.
MYSELF Please  can we talk of this after I sleep.
THE COMMISSAR First answer my question.
MYSELF But why.
The commissar holstered his pistol.
 Then he tied my free hand down once more and stood up.
 He gazed down on me from a great height  and perhaps it was because of the foreshortened angle  but I saw in his absence of a face something else besides horror .
 a faint shadow cast by madness  although perhaps it was merely an ocular effect created by the glare behind his head.
THE COMMISSAR My friend  the commandant may let you go because you wanted your father dead  but I will let you go only when you can answer my question.
 Just remember  my brother  that I do this for your own good.
He raised his hand to me in farewell  and on his palm blazed the red mark of our oath.
 With that  he left.
 Those are the most dangerous words you can hear  Sonny said  sitting down on the vacated chair.
 The crapulent major joined him  pushing him aside for room.
  For your own good  can only mean something bad  he said.
 As if on cue  the speakers mounted high in the corners clicked and hummed  the ones I had only noticed when the commissar played for me my own stranger s voice.
 The question of what would be done to me was answered when somebody began screaming  and while Sonny and the crapulent major could clap their hands over their ears I could not.
 But even with ears protected  Sonny and the crapulent major could not endure this screaming for more than a minute  this shrieking of a baby in torment  and in the blink of an eye they  too  vanished.
Somewhere a baby was screaming  its suffering shared with me  who needed no more.
 I saw myself squeeze my eyes shut  as if that could also squeeze my ears shut.
 It was impossible to think with the screaming in this examination room  and for the first time in a very long time I wanted something more than sleep.
 I wanted silence.
 Oh  please I heard myself crying this aloud stop.
Then another click  and the screaming ceased.
 A tape.
 I was listening to a tape.
No baby was being tortured in some nearby chamber  its howls piped into mine.
It was just a recording  and for a few more moments I only had to worry about the unceasing light and heat and the rubber band snap of the electric wire against my little toe.
 But then I heard the click again  and my body clenched in anticipation.
 Somebody began screaming once more.
 Somebody was screaming so loudly that I not only lost track of myself  I lost track of time.
 Time no longer ran straight as a railroad; time no longer rotated on a dial; time no longer crawled under my back; time was infinitely looping  a cassette tape repeating without end; time howled in my ear  screaming with laughter at the idea that we could control it with wristwaches  alarm clocks  revolutions  history.
 We were  all of us  running out of time  except for the malevolent baby.
 The baby who was screaming had all the time in the world  and the irony was that the baby did not even know it.
Please I heard myself again stop.
 I ll do anything you want.
 How was it that the most vulnerable creature in the world could also be the most powerful.
Did I scream like this at my mother.
 If so  forgive me  Mama.
 If I screamed  it was not because of you.
 I am one but I am also two  made from an egg and a sperm  and if I screamed  it must be because of those blue genes gleaned from my father.
 I saw it now  that moment of my origin  the Chinese acrobat of time bent impossibly back on itself so that I could see the invasion of my mother s womb by my father s dumb  masculine horde  a howling gang of helmeted  hellbent nomads intent on piercing the great wall of my mother s egg.
 From this invasion  the nothing that I was became the somebody that I am.
 Somebody was screaming and it was not the baby.
 My cell divided  and divided  and divided again  until I was a million cells and more  until I was multitudes and multitudes  my own country  my own nation  the emperor and dictator of the masses of myself  commanding my mother s undivided attention.
 Somebody was screaming and it was the agent.
 I was packed tight into my mother s aquarium  knowing nothing of independence and freedom  witness by all my senses except the sense of sight to the uncanniest experience of all  being inside another human being.
 I was a doll within a doll  hypnotized by a metronome ticking with perfect regularity  my mother s strong and steady heartbeat.
 Somebody was screaming and it was my mother.
 Her voice was the first sound I heard when I emerged headfirst  thrust into a humid room as warm as the womb  seized by the gnarled hands of an unimpressed doula who would tell me  years later  how she had used her sharpened thumbnail to slice the tight frenulum holding down my tongue  the better for me to suckle and to talk.
 This was also the woman who told me  with glee  of how my mother pushed so hard she expelled not only me but also the waste from her bowels  washing me onto the shores of a strange new world in a maternal effluence of blood and excrement.
 Somebody was screaming and I did not know who it was.
 My leash was cut and my naked  smeared purple self was turned toward a throbbing light  revealing to me a world of shadows and dim shapes speaking my mother tongue  a foreign language.
 Somebody was screaming and I knew who it was.
 It was me  screaming the one word that had dangled before me since the question was first asked nothing the answer that I could neither see nor hear until now nothing.
 the answer I screamed again and again and again nothing.
 because I was  at last  enlightened.
With that one word  I completed my reeducation.
 All that remains to be told is how I glued myself back together  and how I found myself where I am now  preparing for a watery departure from my country.
 Like everything else of consequence in my life  neither task was easy.
 Leaving  in particular  is not something that I want to do but is something I must do.
 What in life is left for me  or any of the other graduates of reeducation.
 No place exists for us in this revolutionary society  even for those who think of ourselves as revolutionaries.
We cannot be represented here  and this knowledge hurts more than anything done to me in my examination.
 Pain ends but knowledge does not  at least until the mind rots away and when would that ever happen for me  the man with two minds.
The end of pain  at least  began when I spoke that one word.
 In retrospect the answer was obvious.
 So why did it take me so long to understand.
 Why did I have to be educated and reeducated for so many years  and at such great expense to both the American taxpayer and Vietnamese society  not to mention considerable damage to myself  in order to see  at last  the word that was there at the very beginning.
 The answer was so absurd that now  months later and in the temporary safety of the navigator s house  I laugh even as I reread this scene of my enlightenment  which itself devolved or is it evolved.
 from screams to laughter.
 Of course I was still screaming when the commissar came to turn off the light and sound.
 I was still screaming when he unbound me and embraced me  cradling my head against his breast until my screams subsided.
 There  there  he said in the dark examination room  silent at last except for my sobbing.
 Now you know what I know  don t you.
 Yes  I said  sobbing still.
 I get it.
 I get it.
What was it that I got.
 The joke.
 Nothing was the punch line  and if part of me was rather hurt at being punched by nothing  no less.
 the other part of me thought it was hilarious.
 That was why  as I shook and shuddered in that dark examination room  my wailing and sobbing turned to howls of laughter.
laughed so hard that eventually the baby-faced guard and the commandant came to investigate the cause of the commotion.
 What s so funny.
 the commandant demanded.
 Nothing.
 I cried.
 I was  at last  broken.
 I had  at last  spoken.
 Don t you get it.
 I cried.
 The answer is nothing.
 Nothing  nothing  nothing.
Only the commissar understood what I meant.
 The commandant  flustered by my bizarre behavior  said  Look what you ve done to him.
 He s out of his mind.
He was not so much concerned with me as he was about the camp s health  for a madman who kept on saying nothing would be bad for morale.
 I was mad that it had taken me so long to understand nothing  even though my failure  in hindsight  was inevitable.
 A good student cannot understand nothing; only the class clown  the misunderstood idiot  the devious fool  and the perpetual joker can do that.
 Still  such a realization could not spare me from the pain of overlooking the obvious  the pain that drove me to push the commissar away  to beat my fists against my forehead.
Stop that.
 said the commandant.
 He turned to the baby-faced guard.
 Stop him.
The baby-faced guard struggled with me as I beat not only my fists against my forehead  but my head against the wall.
 Finally  the commissar and the commandant themselves had to help him tie me down again.
 Only the commissar understood that I had to beat myself.
 I was so stupid.
 How could I forget that every truth meant at least two things  that slogans were empty suits draped on the corpse of an idea.
 The suits depended on how one wore them  and this suit was now worn out.
 I was mad but not insane  although I was not going to disabuse the commandant.
 He saw only one meaning in nothing the negative  the absence  as in there s nothing there.
 The positive meaning eluded him  the paradoxical fact that nothing is  indeed  something.
 Our commandant was a man who didn t get the joke  and people who do not get the joke are dangerous people indeed.
 They are the ones who say nothing with great piousness  who ask everyone else to die for nothing  who revere nothing.
 Such a man could not tolerate someone who laughed at nothing.
 Satisfied.
 he asked the commissar  both of them looking down on me  sobbing  weeping  and laughing all at the same time.
 Now we have to call in the doctor again.
Call him in  then  said the commissar.
 The hard part s done.
The doctor moved me back to my old isolation cell  although now the chamber was unlocked and I was not shackled.
 I was free to go as I pleased but was reluctant to do so  sometimes needing the baby-faced guard to coax me out of the corners.
 Even on those rare occasions when I emerged voluntarily  it was never into sunlight  but only the night  a conjunctivitis having rendered my eyes sensitive to the solarized world.
 The doctor prescribed an improved diet  sunlight  and exercise  but all I wanted was to sleep  and when I was not sleeping  I was somnambulent and silent  except for when the commandant came.
 Is he still not saying anything.
 the commandant asked whenever he dropped by  to which I said  Nothing  nothing  nothing  a grinning simpleton huddled in the corner.
 Poor fellow  said the doctor.
 He is a little  how shall we say  discombobulated after his experiences.
Well  do something about it.
 cried the commandant.
I ll do my best  but it s all in his mind  the doctor said  pointing at my bruised forehead.
 The doctor was only half right.
 It was certainly all in my mind  but which one.
 Eventually  however  the doctor did hit on the treatment that put me on the slow road to recovery  its end the reunification of me with myself.
Perhaps  he said one day  sitting on a chair next to me as I huddled in the corner  arms folded and head resting on them  a familiar activity might help you.
peered at him with one eye.
 Before your examination began  your days were occupied by writing your confession.
 Your state of mind is such that I don t think you can write anything now  but perhaps just going through the motions may help.
 I peered at him with both eyes.
 From his briefcase  he extracted a thick stack of paper.
 Does this look familiar.
 Cautiously  I unfolded my arms and took the stack.
 I looked at the first page  then the second  and the third  slowly thumbing my way through the numbered sheaf of 295 pages.
 What do you think that is.
 said the doctor.
 My confession  I muttered.
 Exactly  dear fellow.
 Very good.
 Now what I want you to do is to copy this confession.
 Out came another stack of paper from his briefcase  as well as a handful of pens.
Word for word.
 Can you do that for me.
I nodded slowly.
 He left me alone with my two stacks of paper  and for a very long time it must have been hours I stared at the first blank page  pen in trembling hand.
 And then I began  my tongue between my lips.
 At first I could copy only a few words an hour  then a page an hour  and then a few pages an hour.
 My drool dotted the pages as I saw my entire life unfold over the months it took to copy the confession.
 Gradually  as my bruised forehead healed  and as I absorbed my own words  I developed a growing sympathy for the man in these pages  the intelligence operative of doubtful intelligence.
 Was he a fool or too smart for his own good.
 Had he chosen the right side or the wrong side of history.
 And were not these the questions we should all ask ourselves.
 Or was it only me and myself who should be so concerned.
By the time I finished copying my confession  enough of my senses had returned for me to understand that the answers were not to be found in those pages.
 When the doctor next came to examine me  I asked for a favor.
 What is it  dear fellow.
 More paper  Doctor.
 More paper.
 I explained that I wanted to write the story of those events that had happened after my confession  in the interminable time of my examination.
 So he brought me more paper  and I wrote new pages about what had been done to me in the examination room.
 I felt very sorry for the man with two minds  as would be expected.
 He had not realized that such a man best belonged in a low-budget movie  a Hollywood film or perhaps a Japanese one about a military-grade science experiment gone terribly awry.
 How dare a man with two minds think he could represent himself much less anyone else  including his own recalcitrant people.
 They would never  in the end  be representable at all  regardless of what their representatives claimed.
 But as the pages mounted  I felt something else that surprised me: sympathy for the man who did those things to me.
 Would he  my friend  not also be tortured by the things he had done to me.
 I was certain he would be by the time I finished writing  by the time I concluded with me screaming that one awful word into the bright  shining light.
 All that remained after the certainty was to ask the doctor to let me see the commissar once more.
That is a very good idea  the doctor said  patting the pages of my manuscript and nodding with satisfaction.
 You are nearly done  my boy.
 You are nearly done.
I had not seen the commissar since the examination s conclusion.
 He had left me alone to begin my recovery  and I can only think that it was because he  too  was conflicted over what he had done to me  even though what was done to me had to be done  for I had to come to the answer myself.
 No one could tell me the solution to his riddle  not even him.
 All he could do was speed up my reeducation through the regrettable method of pain.
 Having used such a method  he was reluctant to see me again  reasonably expecting my hatred.
 Meeting him in his quarters for our next and last meeting  I could see that he was uneasy  offering me tea  tapping his fingers on his knees  studying the new pages I had written.
 What do a torturer and the tortured say to each other after their climax has passed.
 I did not know  but as I sat watching him from my bamboo chair  still bisected into myself and another  I detected a similar division in him  in the horrible void where a face had been.
 He was the commissar but he was also Man; he was my interrogator but also my only confidant; he was the fiend who had tortured me but also my friend.
 Some might say I was seeing things  but the true optical illusion was in seeing others and oneself as undivided and whole  as if being in focus was more real than being out of focus.
 We thought our reflection in the mirror was who we truly were  when how we saw ourselves and how others saw us was often not the same.
 Likewise  we often deceived overselves when we thought we saw ourselves most clearly.
 And how did I know that I was not deluding myself as I heard my friend speak.
 I do not.
could only try to understand whether he was fooling me as he skipped the pleasantries of inquiring about my dubious health  physical and mental  and announced that Bon and I were leaving both camp and country.
 I had assumed that I would die here  and the finality of what he was saying startled me.
 Leave.
I said.
A truck is waiting for you and Bon at the gates.
 When I heard you were ready to see me  I wanted to waste no more time.
 You are going to Saigon.
 Bon has a cousin there  who I am sure he will contact.
 This man has already tried twice to flee from this country and been caught both times.
 This third time  with you and Bon  he will succeed.
His plan left me in a daze.
 How do you know that.
 I said at last.
How do I know.
 His void was without expression  but his voice was amused and  perhaps  bitter.
 Because I bought your escape.
 I ve sent money to the right officials  who will make sure the right police officers look the other way when the time comes.
 Do you know where the money comes from.
 I had no idea.
Desperate women will pay any price to see their husbands in this camp.
 The guards take their portion and leave the rest to the commandant and myself.
send some home to my wife  I pay my tithe to my superiors  and I used the remainder for your escape.
 Isn t it remarkable that in a communist country money can still buy you anything you want.
It s not remarkable  I muttered.
 It s funny.
Is it.
 I can t say I laughed in taking the money and gold of these poor women.
But you see  while a confession may be enough to free you from this camp  given your revolutionary background  nothing less than money will free Bon.
The commandant must be paid  after all a considerable sum  too  given Bon s crimes.
 And nothing less than a great deal of money will ensure that the two of you can leave our country  as you must.
 This  my friend  is what I have done to these women out of friendship for you.
 Am I still the friend you recognize and love.
He was the faceless man who had tortured me  for my own good  for the sake of nothing.
 But I could still recognize him  for who but a man with two minds could understand a man with no face.
 I embraced him then and wept  knowing that while he was setting me free  he himself could never be free  unable or unwilling to leave this camp except through death  which at least would be a relief from his living death.
 The only benefit from his condition was that he could see what others could not  or what they might have seen and disavowed  for when he looked into the mirror and saw the void he understood the meaning of nothing.
But what was this meaning.
 What had I intuited at last.
 Namely this: while nothing is more precious than independence and freedom  nothing is also more precious than independence and freedom.
 These two slogans are almost the same  but not quite.
 The first inspiring slogan was Ho Chi Minh s empty suit  which he no longer wore.
 How could he.
 He was dead.
 The second slogan was the tricky one  the joke.
 It was Uncle Ho s empty suit turned inside out  a sartorial sensation that only a man of two minds  or a man with no face  dared to wear.
 This odd suit suited me  for it was of a cutting-edge cut.
 Wearing this inside-out suit  my seams exposed in an unseemly way  I understood  at last  how our revolution had gone from being the vanguard of political change to the rearguard hoarding power.
 In this transformation  we were not unusual.
 Hadn t the French and the Americans done exactly the same.
 Once revolutionaries themselves  they had become imperialists  colonizing and occupying our defiant little land  taking away our freedom in the name of saving us.
 Our revolution took considerably longer than theirs  and was consideraby bloodier  but we made up for lost time.
 When it came to learning the worst habits of our French masters and their American replacements  we quickly proved ourselves the best.
 We  too  could abuse grand ideals.
 Having liberated ourselves in the name of independence and freedom I was so tired of saying these words.
 we then deprived our defeated brethren of the same.
Besides a man with no face  only a man of two minds could get this joke  about how a revolution fought for independence and freedom could make those things worth less than nothing.
 I was that man of two minds  me and myself.
had been through so much  me and myself.
 Everyone we met had wanted to drive us apart from each other  wanted us to choose either one thing or another  except the commissar.
 He showed us his hand and we showed him ours  the red scars as indelible as they were in our youth.
 Even after all we had been through  this was the only mark on our body.
 We clasped hands and he said  Before you leave  I have something to give you.
 From beneath his desk he retrieved our battered rucksack and our copy of Asian Communism and the Oriental Mode of Destruction.
 The last we had seen it  the book was nearly falling apart  creased deeply at the spine.
 The binding had finally torn apart  and a rubber band bound the book s two halves.
 We tried to refuse it  but he slipped the book in the rucksack and pressed it on us.
 In case you ever need to send me a message  he said.
 Or vice versa.
 I still have my copy.
Reluctantly  we took the rucksack.
 Dear friend  One more thing.
 He picked up our manuscript  the copy of our confession and everything after  and motioned for us to open the rucksack.
 What happened in that examination room is between us.
 So take this with you  too.
We just want you to know  Go.
 Bon is waiting.
So we went  rucksack over our shoulders  dismissed for the last time.
 No more pencils  no more books  no more teacher s dirty looks.
 Silly rhymes and childish wordplay  but if we had thought of anything more serious we would have fallen down under the weight of disbelief  of our sheer relief.
The baby-faced guard escorted us to the camp gates  where the commandant and Bon stood by an idling Molotova truck.
 We had not seen Bon in a year and many months  and the first words he said were  You look like hell.
 What about him.
 Our disembodied minds laughed  but our embodied selves did not.
 How could we.
 Our poor friend stumbled before us in patchwork and rags  a puppet in an alcoholic s hands  hair thinning and skin a sickly shade of decayed jungle vegetation.
 Over one eye he wore a black patch  and we knew better than to ask him what had been done to him.
 A few meters away  behind barbed wire  three other haggard men in shambolic clothing watched.
 It took us a moment to recognize our comrades  the Hmong scout  the philosophical medic  and the dark marine.
 You don t look like hell  the Hmong scout said.
 You look worse.
 The philosophical medic managed a grin with half his teeth missing.
 Don t pay him any attention  he said.
 He s just jealous.
 As for the dark marine  he said  I knew you bastards would get out of here first.
 Good luck to you.
We couldn t say anything  only smile and raise our hand in farewell before climbing into the truck with Bon.
 The baby-faced guard raised the hatch and locked it.
 What.
 the commandant said  looking up at us.
 You still have nothing to say.
 In fact  we had many things to say  but not wanting to provoke the commandant into revoking our release  we only shook our head.
 Have it your way.
 You ve confessed your errors and there s nothing more to say after that  is there.
Nothing indeed.
 Nothing was truly unspeakable.
 As the truck departed in a cloud of red dust that made the baby-faced guard cough  we watched the commandant walk away and the Hmong scout  the philosophical medic  and the dark marine cover their eyes.
 Then we turned a corner and the camp disappeared from view.
 When we asked Bon about our other comrades  he told us that the Lao farmer had vanished in the river  trying to escape  while the darkest marine bled to death after a landmine sheared off his legs.
 At first we were quiet on hearing this news.
 What cause had they died for.
 For what reason had millions more died in our great war to unify our country and liberate ourselves  often through no choice of their own.
 Like them  we had sacrificed everything  but at least we still had a sense of humor.
 If one really thought about it  with just a little bit of distance  with even the faintest sense of irony  one could laugh at this joke played on us  those who had so willingly sacrificed ourselves and others.
 So we laughed and laughed and laughed  and when Bon looked at us as if we were crazy and asked what was the matter with us  we wiped the tears from our eyes and said  Nothing.
After a numbing two-day journey over mountain passes and crumbling highways  the Molotova deposited us on Saigon s outskirts.
 From there we shuffled along sullied streets populated by sullen people toward the navigator s house  our pace slowed by Bon s limp.
 The muffled city was eerily muted  perhaps because the country was once again at war  or so we were told by the Molotova s driver.
 Tired of the Khmer Rouge attacks on our western border  we had invaded and seized Cambodia.
 China  to punish us  had raided our northern border earlier in the year  sometime during my examination.
 So much for peace.
What bothered us more was that we had not heard even one romantic song or snatch of pop music by the time we arrived at the home of the navigator  Bon s cousin.
 Sidewalk cafés and transistor radios had always played such tunes  but over a dinner only marginally better than the commandant s meal  the navigator confirmed what the commandant had implied.
 Yellow music was now banned  and only red  revolutionary music was allowed.
No yellow music in a land of so-called yellow people.
 Not having fought for this  we could not help but laugh.
 The navigator looked at us curiously.
 I ve seen worse  he said.
 Two stints in reeducation and I ve seen much worse.
 He had been reeducated for the crime of trying to escape the country by boat.
 On those previous attempts  he had not taken his family with him  hoping to brave the dangers alone and reach a foreign country from where he could send money home to help his family survive or flee  once the route was proven safe.
 But he was certain that a third capture would lead to reeducation in a northern camp  from which no one had so far returned.
 For this attempt  then  he was taking his wife  three sons and their families  two daughters and their families  and the families of three in-laws  the clan living or dying together on the open sea.
What are the odds.
 Bon asked the navigator  an experienced sailor of the old regime whose expertise Bon trusted.
 Fifty-fifty  the navigator said.
 I ve only heard from half of those who fled.
 It s safe to assume the other half never made it.
 Bon shrugged.
 Sounds good enough  he said.
 What do you think.
 This was addressed to us.
 We looked to the ceiling  where Sonny and the crapulent major lay flat on their backs  scaring away the geckos.
 In unison  as they were now wont to speak  they said  Those are excellent odds  as the chances of one ultimately dying are one hundred percent.
 Thus reassured  we turned back to Bon and the navigator and  with no more laughter  nodded our agreement.
 This they interpreted as a sign of progress.
Over the next two months  as we waited for our departure  we continued working on our manuscript.
 Despite the chronic shortages of almost every good and commodity  there was no shortage of paper  since everyone in the neighborhood was required to write confessions on a periodic basis.
 Even we  who had confessed so extensively  had to write these and submit them to the local cadres.
 They were exercises in fiction  for we had to find things to confess even though we had not done anything since our return to Saigon.
 Small things  like failing to display sufficient enthusiasm at a self-criticism session  were acceptable.
 But certainly nothing big  and we never failed to end a confession without writing that nothing was more precious than independence and freedom.
Now it is the evening before our departure.
 We have paid for Bon s fare and our own with the commissar s gold  hidden in my rucksack s false bottom.
 The cipher that we share with the commissar has taken the gold s place  the heaviest thing we will carry after this manuscript  our testament if not our will.
 We have nothing to leave to anyone except these words  our best attempt to represent ourselves against all those who sought to represent us.
 Tomorrow we will join those tens of thousands who have taken to the sea  refugees from a revolution.
According to the navigator s plan  on the afternoon of our departure tomorrow  from houses all over Saigon  families will leave as if on a short trip lasting less than a day.
 We will travel by bus to a village three hours south  where a ferryman waits by a riverbank  a conical hat shading his features.
 Can you take us to our uncle s funeral.
 To this coded question  the coded answer: Your uncle was a great man.
 We  along with the navigator  his wife  and Bon  clamber on board the skiff  we carrying in our rucksack our rubber-bound cipher and this unbound manuscript  wrapped in watertight plastic.
 We glide across the river to a hamlet where the rest of the navigator s clan will join us.
 The mother ship awaits further down the river  a fishing trawler for 150  almost all of whom will hide in the hold.
 It will be hot  warned the navigator.
 It reeks.
 Once the crew battens down the hatches of the hold  we will struggle to breathe  no vents to alleviate the pressure from 150 bodies locked into a space for a third that number.
 Heavier than depleted air  however  is the knowledge that even astronauts have a better chance of survival than we do.
Around our shoulders and chest we will strap the rucksack  cipher and manuscript inside.
 Whether we live or die  the weight of those words will hang on us.
 Only a few more need to be written by the light of this oil lamp.
 Having answered the commissar s question  we find ourselves facing more questions  universal and timeless ones that never get tired.
 What do those who struggle against power do when they seize power.
 What does the revolutionary do when the revolution triumphs.
 Why do those who call for independence and freedom take away the independence and freedom of others.
 And is it sane or insane to believe  as so many around us apparently do  in nothing.
 We can only answer these questions for ourselves.
 Our life and our death have taught us always to sympathize with the undesirables among the undesirables.
 Thus magnetized by experience  our compass continually points toward those who suffer.
 Even now  we think of our suffering friend  our blood brother  the commissar  the faceless man  the one who spoke the unspeakable  sleeping his morphine dream  dreaming of an eternal sleep  or perhaps dreaming of nothing.
 As for us  how long it had taken us to stare at nothing until we saw something.
 Might this be what our mother felt.
 Did she look into herself and feel wonderstruck that where nothing had been something now existed  namely us.
 Where was the turning point when she began wanting us rather than not wanting us  seed of a father who should not have been a father.
 When did she stop thinking of herself and began to think of us.
Tomorrow we will find ourselves among strangers  reluctant mariners of whom a tentative manifest can be written.
 Among us will be infants and children  as well as adults and parents  but no elderly  for none dare the voyage.
Among us will be men and women  as well as the thin and lean  but not one among us will be fat  the entire nation having undergone a forced diet.
 Among us will be the light skinned  dark skinned  and every shade in between  some speaking in refined accents and some in rough ones.
 Many will be Chinese  persecuted for being Chinese  with many others the recipients of degrees in reeducation.
 Collectively we will be called the boat people  a name we heard once more earlier this night  when we surreptitiously listened to the Voice of America on the navigator s radio.
 Now that we are to be counted among these boat people  their name disturbs us.
 It smacks of anthropological condescension  evoking some forgotten branch of the human family  some lost tribe of amphibians emerging from ocean mist  crowned with seaweed.
 But we are not primitives  and we are not to be pitied.
 If and when we reach safe harbor  it will hardly be a surprise if we  in turn  turn our backs on the unwanted  human nature being what we know of it.
 Yet we are not cynical.
 Despite it all yes  despite everything  in the face of nothing we still consider ourselves revolutionary.
remain that most hopeful of creatures  a revolutionary in search of a revolution  although we will not dispute being called a dreamer doped by an illusion.
 Soon enough we will see the scarlet sunrise on that horizon where the East is always red  but for now our view through our window is of a dark alley  the pavement barren  the curtains closed.
 Surely we cannot be the only ones awake  even if we are the only ones with a single lamp lit.
 No  we cannot be alone.
 Thousands more must be staring into darkness like us  gripped by scandalous thoughts  extravagant hopes  and forbidden plots.
 We lie in wait for the right moment and the just cause  which  at this moment  is simply wanting to live.
 And even as we write this final sentence  the sentence that will not be revised  we confess to being certain of one and only one thing  we swear to keep  on penalty of death  this one promise We will live.
